Item #: SCP-002
Object Class: Euclid
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-002 is to remain connected to a suitable power supply at all times, to keep it in what appears to be a recharging mode. In case of electrical outage, the emergency barrier between the object and the facility is to be closed and the immediate area evacuated. Once facility power is re-established, alternating bursts of X-ray and ultraviolet light must strobe the area until SCP-002 is re-affixed to the power supply and returned to recharging mode. Containment area is to be kept at negative air pressure at all times.
Teams including a minimum of two (2) members are required within 20 meters of SCP-002 or its containment area. Personnel should maintain physical contact with one another at all times to confirm there is another person present, as perception may be dulled, skewed, or influenced by proximity to the object.
No personnel below Level 3 are permitted within SCP-002. This requirement may be waived via written authorization from two (2) off-site Level 4 administrators. Command staff issued such a waiver must be escorted by at least five (5) Level 3 Security personnel for the duration of their contact and must temporarily surrender their rank and security clearance. Following contact, command staff will be escorted at least 5 km from SCP-002 to undergo a seventy-two (72)-hour quarantine and psychological evaluation. If deemed fit for return to duty by psych staff, rank and security clearance may be restored when quarantine expires.
Description: SCP-002 resembles a tumorous, fleshy growth with a volume of roughly 60 m³ (or 2000 ft³). An iron valve hatch on one side leads to its interior, which appears to be a standard low-rent apartment of modest size. One wall of the room possesses a single window, though no such opening is visible from the exterior. The room contains furniture which, upon close examination, appears to be sculpted bone, woven hair, and various other biological substances produced by the human body. All matter tested thus far show independent or fragmented DNA sequences for each object in the room.
Refer to the Mulhausen Report [cross-ref:document00.023.603] for details related to object's discovery.
Reference: To date, subject has been responsible for the disappearances of seven personnel. It has also in its time at the facility further furnished itself with two lamps, a throw rug, a television, a radio, a beanbag chair, three books in an unknown language, four children's toys, and a small potted plant. Tests with a variety of lab animals including higher primates have failed to provoke a response in SCP-002. Cadavers as well fail to produce any effect. Whatever process the subject uses to convert organic matter into furnishings is apparently only facilitated by the introduction of living humans.
view Mulhausen Report docid:00.023.603
Mulhausen Report [00.023.603]

The following is a brief report detailing the discovery of SCP-002
Subject was discovered in a small crater in northern Portugal where it struck the Earth from orbit. Encased in a shell of thick rock, the fleshy exterior of the object was exposed by the impact. A native farmer happened upon the site and reported his findings to the village elder. Subject gained SCP attention when a Level 4 agent posted in the area detected a small radioactive anomaly generated by the object.
A collection squad of SCP security personnel led by General Mulhausen was immediately dispatched to the area where they quickly secured the subject in a large container and performed initial testing with subjects recruited from the nearby village. Three men individually sent into the structure subsequently disappeared. Upon discovering this deadly property of the subject, General Mulhausen issued a Level 4a Termination Order of any witnesses (roughly 1/3 of the village) to ensure no outside knowledge of the object and initiated its transport to SCP facility [DATA EXPUNGED].

During preparation for transport, four SCP security personnel were inexplicably drawn inside the object where they too immediately disappeared. Following inspection, it appeared as if the object had "grown" several new furnishings and was beginning to look like the interior of an apartment room. General Mulhausen immediately ordered the requisition of several Class III HAZMAT suits for the remaining security team members, who proceeded to lift the container onto a waiting freight ship for transport to the SCP containment facility.
[DATA EXPUNGED]

[DATA EXPUNGED]

Following the termination of General Mulhausen, SCP-002 was re-secured by SCP staff and brought into special containment in [CLASSIFIED], where it currently resides. Staff with clearance below Level 3 have been denied access to the SCP-002 container without prior approval of at least two Level 4 staff after the Mulhausen incident.
« SCP-001 | SCP-002 | SCP-003 »
Cite this page as:
"SCP-002" by Unknown Author, from the SCP Wiki. Source: http://www.scpwiki.com/scp-002. Licensed under CC-BY-SA.
For more information, see Licensing Guide.
Licensing Disclosures
Item #: SCP-003
Object Class: Euclid
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-003 is to be maintained at a constant temperature of no less than 35°C and ideally kept above 100°C. No living multicellular organisms of Category IV or higher complexity may be allowed to come into contact with SCP-003.
In event of total power failure, if SCP-003-1 begins to increase its mass, assigned personnel must engage in skin contact with SCP-003-1. Ideally, personnel may use their body heat to return SCP-003-1 to above the critical temperature; however, skin contact must be maintained even in event of SCP-003 reaching activation temperature, lasting at minimum until SCP-003-1 advances fully to its second growth stage.
Personnel who enter SCP-003's containment area must first be examined for body parasites of Category IV or higher complexity, and sterilized if such organisms are present. All personnel who have come in physical contact with SCP-003-1 are to immediately report for sterilization afterwards.
SCP-003-1 must not be removed from SCP-003-2 except in case of emergency procedures detailed above. Any significant change in SCP-003-2's rune activity (including pattern, frequency, or color) should be reported within three (3) hours of occurrence. Cessation of rune activity must be reported immediately. SCP-003-2 must be supplied with power via the source designated Generator 003-IX at all times.
Description: SCP-003 consists of two related components of separate origin, referred to as SCP-003-1 and SCP-003-2.
SCP-003-1 appears to be composed of chitin, hair, and nails of unknown biology, arranged in a configuration similar to that of a computer motherboard. Testing reveals SCP-003-1 to predate earliest known circuit boards by a factor of thousands of years. SCP-003-1 is considered sentient but not actively dangerous except under certain conditions.
SCP-003-1 was found on a stone tablet, SCP-003-2, on which it currently resides. The runes on SCP-003-2 are not part of any known language, and emit pale, flickering light patterns.
SCP-003-2 is controlled by a (non-biological) internal computer, the contents of which are mostly inaccessible without risk of damaging SCP-003-2. SCP-003-2 is capable of controlled emissions of radiation, including heat, light, and anomalous radiation types. SCP-003-2 contains an internal power source of an anomalous nature, which appears to have been losing power since several centuries before discovery.
It is considered probable that SCP-003-2 was created for the purpose of containing SCP-003-1. Partially interpreted data recovered from SCP-003-2 may refer to a past and/or potential future LK-class restructuring event caused by SCP-003-1.
SCP-003 was located by remote viewing team SRV-04 Beta. It appears possible that SRV-04 Beta was deliberately contacted by SCP-003-2. Other organizations have also been alerted to SCP-003's existence, possibly by similar means. Despite this activity, SCP-003-2 does not appear to be sentient, based on its lack of reaction to M03-Gloria analysis and procedures.
When SCP-003 drops below the temperature of 35°C, both components react.
First, SCP-003-1 enters a growth state characterized by an exponential increase in mass. This growth state consists of two stages. In both stages, SCP-003-1 partially fuels its growth by converting matter around it, starting with any surrounding inorganic material, including atmospheric elements, then nonliving organic material, including cells of dead skin, hair, chitin, enamel, keratin, and other biological materials.
The first stage is always the same. SCP-003-1 will first increase its mass, then take a form similar in shape to an ophiuroid (brittle star) of fifteen meters in diameter (including what appears to be a central processor of three meters in diameter). It will form sensory organs that appear to scan its surrounding environment, and will partially convert the area around it to an unidentified anomalous substance (SCP-003-2 seems immune from conversion).
The second stage describes a growth alteration which occurs when SCP-003 comes into contact with living organic material; SCP-003 appears to "template" itself off of the organic material, and will attempt communication with organisms that match its initial "template" or "templates".
In its second stage, SCP-003-1 may pause, slow or change its growth, and will also convert inorganic and nonliving organic elements into functionally similar structures while anomalously altering their physical makeup.
While growth is consistent in the first stage, in the second stage SCP-003-1's growth rate is diminished by 20-90% so long as SCP-003-1 remains in contact with living organic material. The percentage is determined by the complexity of the organism(s) in contact with SCP-003-1; SCP-003-1 appears to devote a large amount of processing power to analysis of living organic material.
During each of SCP-003-1's growth stages, SCP-003-2 releases bursts of radiation that temporarily inhibit SCP-003-1's growth, or reverse this growth when the temperature of SCP-003-1 rises above 100°C. Similar radiation emissions have been replicated or recorded via other anomalous means.
SCP-003-1's biology has been the subject of extensive study. Significant elements have been identified similar to SCP-███, SCP-1512, and SCP-2756, the latter two of which have no further confirmed connection with SCP-003-1 and no known connection with each other, and none of which are fully understood (technically, even less understood than SCP-003, thanks to the extensive cross-disciplinary research on the SCP-003 objects). To date, no convincing analysis has been put forward which satisfactorily explains SCP-003-1's connection to these SCP objects or others, nor its connection to modern technology beyond appearance (and potential mimicry via unknown mechanism).
Addendum 003-01: Acting on information gathered from linguistic analysis of SCP-003-2's runes and comparative data analysis, Research Team M03-Gloria has managed to establish a link between SCP-003 and [DATA EXPUNGED] for analysis of functions. SCP-003-1 must now be considered sentient, and is to be kept a minimum of 1 km from [DATA EXPUNGED] and the resulting "by-product" at all times.
Addendum 003-02: SCP-003-2's power loss has been exacerbated by the procedures performed by M03-Gloria. On orders of O5-10, M03-Gloria will continue procedures.
Addendum 003-03: During M03-Gloria procedures, SCP-003-1 doubled its mass and began rapid structural growth. Temperature was immediately returned to 100°C. Growth and mass increase of SCP-003-1 continued for 9 minutes and 6 seconds, at which time a sustained radiation spike was produced by SCP-003-2. In response, SCP-003-1 returned to its normal state in 3 minutes and 39 seconds. New growth dissolved into a dusty residue which was collected for analysis. Both SCP-003-1 and SCP-003-2 ceased all detectable activity. SCP-003-2 did not resume activity until connected to external power source. SCP-003-2's runes glowed uniformly gray and did not resume normal activity for three (3) hours. SCP-003-2 no longer appears to be able to maintain containment area at a temperature above 35°C without external power supplied by Generators 003-III through IX.
Addendum 003-04: The procedure detailed in Addendum 003-03 was repeated, and SCP-003-1 again entered a growth state. After 10 minutes and 13 seconds, SCP-003-2 once again produced a sustained radiation spike. SCP-003-1's growth stopped for 36 seconds, then resumed at its previous pace.
On quadrupling its mass, SCP-003-1 formed a coherent outer shell and body. After appearing to scan its environment and partially converting its environment, SCP-003-1 then breached containment, entering the observation gallery where nine members of M03-Gloria were present. On physical contact with team members, SCP-003-1 encompassed them in rapidly-grown appendages and stopped growth for 15 minutes. SCP-003-1 then resumed growth, and rearranged the component parts of the center of its form to the shape of a three-meter-tall female humanoid, with peripheral "tentacles" shifting to extrude primarily from SCP-003-1's newly formed "hair" and spine. SCP-003-1 then produced rudimentary vocalizations in an apparent initial attempt to communicate with researchers. [DATA EXPUNGED]
An unknown individual approached the compromised containment area in company of a full squad of agents. The individual claimed to be acting on orders of O5-10 and attempted communication with SCP-003-1. [DATA EXPUNGED]
Following this incident, Agent Jackson of M03-Gloria successfully restored power to SCP-003-2 and activated backup generators to return the temperature to 100°C. SCP-003-1 returned to its normal state in 21 minutes and 7 seconds, and was successfully re-contained without incident.
All nine members of M03-Gloria affected by SCP-003-1 were afterwards found to be physically unharmed, with no residual effects besides psychological trauma. The converted materials of SCP-003's former containment area did not dissolve and are now under analysis.
Addendum 003-05: In light of the previous incident, O5-10 was removed from the O5 Council by joint decision of O5-██, O5-██, and O5-██. M03-Gloria procedures have been indefinitely suspended.
Transcript of Incident Report A21-B Cycle 8. For dissemination to O5 Command and Staff.
Interviewers: ██████████, █████, and ███████████
Present: O5-2, O5-5, O5-7, O5-10, and Staff
Interviewed: Dr. Tilda David Moose, M03-Gloria Lead
Excerpt 35A
Item #: SCP-004
Object Class: Euclid
Special Containment Procedures: When handling items SCP-004-2 through SCP-004-13, proper procedure is vital. The items are not permitted to be moved off-site unless accompanied by two Level 4 security personnel. Under no circumstances should any other component of SCP-004 be taken through SCP-004-1. The effects of doing so are as yet unknown, and the current cost of experimentation makes further research impractical. Should any of the objects contained within SCP-004-1 breach containment, or the facility be breached, the keys must be brought inside and the door closed prior to activation of Site 62’s on-site warhead. Unauthorized removal of keys from the testing area is grounds for immediate termination.
Level 1 clearance is required for basic access to SCP-004-1; Level 4 clearance is required for use of SCP-004-2 to -13.
Description: SCP-004 consists of an old wooden barn door (SCP-004-1) and a set of twelve rusted steel keys (SCP-004-2 through SCP-004-13). The door itself is the entrance to an abandoned factory in [DATA EXPUNGED].
07/02/1949: A group of three juveniles trespassing on federal property near ██████████ find the door. According to their testimony, they found a set of rusted keys in an iron lockbox and determined what door the keys unlock. The juveniles are taken into custody after they contact Sheriff █████████████████ when one of their friends (SCP-004-CAS01) goes missing.
07/03/1949: Local authorities find the severed right hand of SCP-004-CAS01 eight kilometers from SCP-004-1. Other parts of SCP-004-CAS01's body are found scattered as far as 32 km from the factory. Under interrogation, the apprehended juveniles tell authorities that upon opening the door with one of the keys, SCP-004-CAS01 was torn into several pieces, each of which disappeared. At this point, the SCP Foundation takes over the investigation.
07/04/1949: SCP Agent █████ obtains the keys from the local authorities to begin testing. Tests show that SCP-004-2 through SCP-004-13 all fit into a single lock on the large barred door. 12 Class D personnel are assigned to test the effects of the door. Of the twelve test subjects each trying a different key to enter the room, only two survive. Opening the door with any key except SCP-004-7 or SCP-004-12 caused the test subjects to be torn apart in multiple directions; however, no dismembered parts were found until later. At the time of writing, only two parts of each subject have been recovered (with the exception of the subject using SCP-004-█, whose pieces were scattered in close proximity). The others have, for all intents and purposes, vanished from existence.
Of the two surviving subjects, only one (having used SCP-004-7) returned unharmed. The other came back in a near-catatonic state, able only to remove himself from the room and then collapse on the floor, and had to be restrained to prevent him from gouging out his eyes (see Appendix A: Mental Health Effects of SCP-004). The subject using SCP-004-7 said that he had entered a large room, impossibly big for the size of the attached building. After his exit, SCP-004-1 was propped open and an armed squad of Level 3 personnel entered. The size of the room is impossible to measure and the door frame and the individuals in the room are the only part of the room that can be felt or illuminated.
07/16/1949: The juvenile suspects and Sheriff █████████████████ are terminated.
08/02/1949: █████████████████ is declared a hazardous area "due to unexploded ordnance" and fences erected in order to prevent civilian ingress. Tests to determine safety of exposure to environment behind SCP-004-1 begin.
12/01/1950: Space-time anomalies resulting from exposure to SCP-004 are confirmed. Testing is suspended until further notice.
07/02/19██: The unaccounted-for remains of SCP-004-CAS01 appear unexpectedly outside SCP-004-1. Despite being killed decades before, the remains of SCP-004-CAS01 are not decomposed in any manner and are still warm to the touch. Blood remains uncoagulated. The remains are remanded for testing.
07/04/19██: The unaccounted-for remains of one of the twelve (12) original test subjects appear in similar manner to those of SCP-004-CAS01. The remains have been designated SCP-004-CAS02. Records suggest that both SCP-004-CAS01 and CAS02 used SCP-004-██.
03/21/1999: With the massive proliferation of nuclear weapons and World War III only ██ years away, construction has begun on a site inside SCP-004-1. The site is to stock supplies for ███████ person-days.
04/21/1999: █████████████████ has ordered the site inside SCP-004-1 to be expanded to include emergency storage for all mobile SCP-███ specimens and a ██-petabyte database for the storage of all SCP data. The facility is now referred to as Site-62.
09/25/2000: Site-62 is operational. Labs and containment units are complete and can contain the most dangerous specimens. Backup of the SCP database has begun.
01/25/2001: Due to time anomalies (see “Space-Time Anomalies” below), all personnel working at Site-62 are now required to reside on-site permanently. Families of personnel are to be informed that loved ones perished in an industrial accident. Cloned bodies have been prepared for funeral.
08/14/2003: Massive power outage across Northeast United States and through Canada. Due to the initial failure of multiple SCP generators, Site-62 was without power for fifty-three (53) minutes. During those fifty-three (53) minutes, those on site were completely without any source of light. They reported "sensing" creatures and people, although no abnormal entities could be seen or felt. Selected facility personnel were allowed to read ████████████ (Appendix A) and said the creatures "sensed" were of humanoid size but otherwise similar to the massive green creature described.
SCP-004 seems to propagate spatiotemporal anomalies. Personnel leaving the facility report losing time. Those who have been in the site for weeks insist that they had only been in the facility for several days, and records of work completed and supplies consumed support their claims. Other temporal anomalies involve SCP-004-2 through -13, especially the reappearance of SCP-004-CAS01 and SCP-004-CAS02 exactly ██ years after using SCP-004-██. ████████████████████ has been assigned to investigate all aspects of these time anomalies. Spatial anomalies include the impossibly large dimensions of the area opened by SCP-004-7. Similarly, the 2003 blackout incident suggests that there exists an alternate plane of existence within the same space that Site-62 occupies.
Testing on SCP-004 reveals that ten of the keys open SCP-004-1 on a dimension where the laws of physics and topology are significantly different than those of our home dimension. Test subjects meeting these hostile conditions are torn apart, their body parts deposited in various locations, only three of which have been verified to be on Earth. Material deposited at two of these points appears immediately; material deposited at the third appears exactly ██ years into the future. The other seven locations are currently unknown.
Current testing focuses on two avenues of research. The first is finding ways to survive SCP-004’s hostile topologies. The second [DATA EXPUNGED] suggest that SCP-004-2 through -13 may open doors other than SCP-004-1.
All Class D personnel using SCP-004-12 return in a catatonic state, unable to speak. Some may have enough energy left to try to claw out their eyes. Of the 16 subjects, only 4 have survived. Only one has regained speech, following long-term psychotherapy. He was able to tell the psychiatrist that he saw a massive green creature, so large that much of its body extended beyond his field of view. He reported innate fear and sudden recognition, “as if it were something buried deep in [his] primal fears,” and forced implantation of “incomprehensible” memories. Subject displays acute anterograde and retrograde amnesia.
Item #: SCP-005
Object Class: Safe
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-005 poses no immediate risk in any direct sense. Even so, its unique functions require special measures be taken to restrict access and manipulation of the object. Approval of at least one (1) Level 4 personnel is required for the removal of the object from its containment area.
Description: In appearance, SCP-005 resembles an ornate key, displaying the characteristics of a typical mass produced key used in the 1920s. The key was discovered when a civilian used it to infiltrate a high security facility. SCP-005 seems to have the unique ability to open any and all forms of lock (See Appendix A), be they mechanical or digital, with relative ease. The origin of this ability has yet to be determined.
Additional Notes: SCP-005 may be used as a replacement for lost security passes, but only under the supervision of at least one (1) Level 4 personnel. SCP-005 may not be used for vending machine repairs, opening lockers, or for any personnel's spare home key. Removal of the object from the compound will result in immediate termination.
Appendix A: While SCP-005 has been shown to be effective in removing almost any form of locking device, further experiments have shown that efforts to disguise the purpose or identity of a lock have proven at least somewhat successful in defeating SCP-005's ability. In approximately 50% of cases where a volunteer was not able to identify a locking device as such, SCP-005 was not successful in deactivating the device. Due to these results, SCP-005 has been tentatively classified as 'sentient' and further tests are being run to determine its cognitive abilities. However, there are no results that show any traits that prevent it from being able to identify any particular locking device, only that the aforementioned device has been heavily concealed and disguised.
« SCP-004 | SCP-005 | SCP-006 »
Cite this page as:
"SCP-005" by Unknown Author, from the SCP Wiki. Source: http://www.scpwiki.com/scp-005. Licensed under CC-BY-SA.
For more information, see Licensing Guide.
Licensing Disclosures
Item #: SCP-008
Object Class: Euclid
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-008 samples have been deemed Class V extreme biological hazards, and all related protocols apply. Incineration and irradiation measures will be deployed in the event of political or military action which may result in the facility being dismantled; a power failure; or zero communications from operatives or outside channels during any given eight hour period.
The quarantine period for operatives leaving the facility is four months. If a breach has occurred, incineration and irradiation measures shall be deployed. It should be the policy of all G2 sites to not prepare an evacuation procedure.
Description: SCP-008 is a complex prion, samples of which are stored in each of the known G2 sites. Research into SCP-008 is highly classified and primarily aimed at preventing research which may lead to the synthesis of SCP-008 in the distant future. Traits of the SCP-008 prion include:
Symptoms of infection with SCP-008 manifest no more than three hours after exposure, and include:
There is strong evidence to suggest SCP-008 itself did not form naturally on Earth, since variants of similar complexity would have displaced much of the ecosystem. In 1959, a short collaborative effort with the USSR to locate G2 sites and eliminate SCP-008 was negotiated following their discovery. The status of SCP-008 in Russian custody since collaboration ended is unknown.
Addendum 008-1: SCP-500 has been found to be able to completely cure SCP-008 even in the advanced stages of the disease.
« SCP-007 | SCP-008 | SCP-009 »
Item #: SCP-009
Object Class: Euclid
Special Containment Procedures: Object is to be contained within a sealed storage tank of heat-resistant alloy with dimensions not less than 2m x 2m x 2m.
Under no circumstances should SCP-009 be exposed to temperatures in excess of 0°C when not undergoing testing, and no water-based solutions shall be allowed within 30 meters of the object's containment area. Object's chamber is to be fitted with temperature sensors which must be monitored at all times, and is to be kept refrigerated by no fewer than three (3) redundant cooling units. Any malfunction of sensors, or of coolant systems, is to be reported and repaired immediately. If at any time the temperature in the containment area climbs above -5°C, the chamber is to be locked down and flooded with coolant until temperatures return to safe levels (-30°C to -25°C).
Containment area is to be kept in total vacuum during testing, and personnel interacting with SCP-009 must wear full environmental protection gear. Following testing, all equipment, personnel, and other materials must undergo dehydration procedures and be quarantined for no less than 12 hours. Any moisture found displaying properties of SCP-009 is to be quarantined and added to the containment area as soon as possible. Living organisms found to be contaminated by SCP-009 are to be terminated by chemical dessication and extracted molecules of SCP-009 added to containment.
Description: SCP-009 is approximately ███ liters of a substance which superficially resembles distilled water (H2O), except with a distinct bright red hue. This red hue is discernible in all phases, and serves as the most expedient method of identifying contaminated matter before its anomalous properties manifest. In contrast to mundane water, SCP-009 assumes a liquid phase at temperatures between -100°C and 0°C, and a solid state above those temperatures. At temperatures below -100°C, SCP-009 vaporizes into a gaseous phase similar to steam.
Examinations of the atomic structure of SCP-009 have proved inconclusive. The substance appears to be identical to normal water molecules, with the exception of [REDACTED] in contrast to standard laws of enthalpy. Dr. █████, Site ██'s resident expert on Xenospatial Physics suggests that SCP-009 may originate in a universe with alternate physical laws.
The most hazardous property of SCP-009, however, is its ability to contaminate normal H2O. When in contact with any aqueous solution, SCP-009 will, through unknown mechanisms, transfer its anomalous properties to other objects and creatures. Testing has shown it capable of assimilating ice, steam, tea, fruit juice, seawater, blood, and [DATA EXPUNGED]. The time it takes for this process to occur varies depending on temperature and the exact chemical composition of affected matter, and had been observed as taking between 3 minutes and ██ hours.
Experiments on D-Class personnel have illustrated the process of conversion by the substance, which has been found to follow a consistent pattern:
1. Initial Exposure: Subject is exposed to SCP-009, and it begins assimilating any moisture present on the exposed surface. Creatures in this stage do not commonly notice any unusual symptoms except for a slight warming sensation.
2. Surface Conversion: Frost begins to form on the exposed area as the heat produced by the subject and SCP-009 itself raises its temperature above 0°C. This stage can take anywhere from one (1) minute to █ hours, during which time subjects begin to feel [REDACTED] crystals from the epidermis.
3. Deep Tissue Conversion: Exponential increase in temperature of SCP-009 causes runaway reaction throughout subject's body, resulting in [REDACTED]. Actual blood loss is minimal due to ice crystals [REDACTED], allowing subjects to remain alive and conscious for up to ██ hours.
4. [DATA EXPUNGED]
Testing on D-Class personnel was discontinued as of 4/23/20██.
Addendum: Circumstances of Retrieval: Subject was found in ████, Alaska, on 11/05/19██. The Foundation became involved after reports were obtained from the native ████ Tribe, who came across the mangled bodies of a team of seal hunters which had apparently been ship-wrecked ██ kilometers from the village.
All victims were found encased in red ice. Cause of death recorded as internal bleeding, though closer examination found [REDACTED]. It is surmised that the low ambient temperatures in the area retarded the freezing process. This prolonged the time to total conversion by ██ hours, and allowed the victims to remain conscious until [DATA EXPUNGED].
Origin of SCP-009 is currently unknown. Investigation into similar events or materials in the area is ongoing. Evidence at the scene suggests [REDACTED], possibly involving SCP-███.
See Exploration Log A009-1 for details.
Addendum: 11/09/19██
After initial report and retrieval of specimens, it was confirmed that the arachnoid entity found by MTF-B7 (see attached file) was indeed a previously unknown instance of SCP-3023. Investigation has revealed the instance originated in [REDACTED] as a result of [DATA EXPUNGED].
Addendum: 12/06/19██
After repeated inquiries, it should be noted that the portion of coastline upon which the initial victims were found was barren rock approximately █ meters from the seashore, and was sufficiently dry and cold to prevent significant contamination of the surrounding area. Had the site been closer to the water, there is little doubt an extinction-level event would have ensued.
Consideration of upgrading SCP-009 to Keter class under review.
Addendum: 12/16/20██
Super-cooling of SCP-009 for the purposes of experimentation is disallowed until further notice. Personnel are advised that liquid nitrogen is only to be used on the subject in controlled amounts, and only until temperatures have reached acceptable levels.
Related note: Possible application of SCP-009 in cold fusion research pending evaluation.
Memo from O-5 Command: 1/09/20██
We've decided to keep this thing Euclid for now. We understand the concerns raised, but as long as you keep the power on and nobody goes near its containment area, there shouldn't be a problem. That's why we're keeping it in Site ██, after all.
As for the cold fusion research, we're putting a pin in that for now. Frankly, we don't have it in the budget for another SNAFU like Site ██. The salvage team still hasn't found Dr. █████'s [REDACTED]
The following experiment record was recovered via a chance occurrence of SCP-507 shifting into a universe in which the described test was carried out using SCP-107. The applicability of the reported findings to our own universe is pending review.
Input: 10mL of SCP-009
Result: "Red snow" fell in test area for 27 minutes with moderate intensity. Grass growing in test area began runaway reaction which ended with entire area being "frozen" within minutes. Notably, anti-enthalpathic reaction of SCP-009 did not extend past the effective radius of SCP-107, for reasons still under investigation. Non-grass plants in area turned bright red in color, greatly expanded, and mutated to display cyan-colored "tentacles" similar to those of species Drosera capensis. Mucilage produced by these tentacles later found to be tiny beads of SCP-009. How the plant is able to survive with SCP-009 integrated into its cell structure is currently under investigation, with preliminary hypothesis being the plant is a reflection of flora from the substance's native universe.
« SCP-008 | SCP-009 | SCP-010 »
Cite this page as:
"SCP-009" by Chameleon X, from the SCP Wiki. Source: http://www.scpwiki.com/scp-009. Licensed under CC-BY-SA.
For more information, see Licensing Guide.
Licensing Disclosures
Item #: SCP-010
Object Class: Safe
Special Containment Procedures: The objects comprising SCP-010 are to be kept in numbered locked boxes in a high security facility. They are not to be worn except by test subjects.
SCP-010 are only to be removed from storage for testing.
Description: SCP-010 consists of a series of six (6) apparently identical cast iron collars with numbered metal tags and one (1) remote control. The control is SCP-010-1. The collars are SCP-010-2 through 010-7. The collars contain intricate electronic components and are powered by small (5 mm diameter, 2 mm thick) 100 V batteries. These batteries are rechargeable.
The remote is a heavy black box resembling an old style hand-held radio transmitter/receiver with a primitive blue/white cathode ray screen and a series of more than 100 unlabeled buttons, as well as a frequency tuner. Through trial and error, the frequencies of all six (6) currently found collars have been discovered. A label in Russian is stamped into the metal along with a logo consisting of workers building a pyramid. No official Russian corporation or government agency uses this logo or matches the words stamped into the metal.
Placing the collar around the neck of a person and securing it allows one to control their every movement with the remote. It is also capable of producing an adrenal response and activating or deactivating the sympathetic nervous system. The most abnormal feature of the collars is the effect they have on the body morphology. They allow the user of the remote to reconfigure the shape of the victim to an extent that is apparently only limited by the knowledge of the programming language of the remote.
Addendum 010-1: History
SCP-010 was discovered in the basement of a lone man in the Midwestern United States after a local disappearance was connected to him. When the police raided the man's house they found SCP-010 as well as several dead bodies. One of the bodies was identified to be the man. The others were several other missing persons. Cause of death seemed to be mass suicide; however, there were signs of significant struggle first.
Addendum 010-2: Disassemble experiment
Test 1: SCP-010-2 taken apart piecewise, the parts labeled and several photographs taken, then reassembled.
Result: After reassembly SCP-010-2 continues to function.
Test 2: SCP-010-8 constructed identically to SCP-010-2 but with the closest approximations available to the unreplicable components.
Result: SCP-010-8 fails to function.
Test 3: Unreplicable components from SCP-010-2 placed into proper locations on SCP-010-8.
Result: SCP-010-2 ceases functioning with removal of components. SCP-010-8 begins functioning.
Test 4: Components returned to SCP-010-2. Replicable components in SCP-010-2 replaced randomly with replicas
Result: SCP-010-2 begins functioning with return of components. Changing replicable components for replicas does not significantly reduce functionality. Replacement of a damaged transistor decreased time from transmission to effect of SCP-010-2 response to commands entered in the remote by 12%.
Addendum 010-3:
Item #: SCP-011
Object Class: Safe
Special Containment Procedures: Item SCP-011 and the area surrounding it are to be cleaned once every day. For safety purposes, cleaning should start at least 30 minutes after sundown. Cleaning should always be performed by at least two (2) personnel, who are also advised to note anything unusual about the item or the debris cleaned up. In a situation where the item cannot be cleaned for more than two (2) days, local residents must be contacted and instructed not to approach the item.
[Containment procedures nullified 2004]
Description: SCP-011 is a Civil War memorial statue located in Woodstock, Vermont. The statue is the image of a young male soldier holding a musket at his side, and is carved out of granite quarried within the area. Occasionally, SCP-011 has been observed lifting its musket to the sky to fire at birds which attempt to land or defecate on it. Reports detail that its movements produce soft grinding sounds but do not cause it any structural failure. Oddly, the gunfire is very similar to that of a standard firearm, despite observations that the item only loads granite bullets and granite powder into the musket (which is also unharmed by the firing). In spite of its efforts, some fecal matter does manage to strike SCP-011, and it has reportedly become distressed when it has had a large amount of feces on it, on some rare occasions even firing at humans.
Addendum: Those assigned to maintain SCP-011 are to see document #011-1 for instructions.
Document #011-1: Maintenance Brief
Item #: SCP-016
Object Class: Keter
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-016 is to remain within the confines of a five by five by five (5x5x5) meter room at all times, maintained at a temperature not to exceed zero (0) degrees Celsius. SCP-016 itself is to remain in the petri dish in the containment cube at all times unless directed otherwise by Level 4 or O5 personnel. Full documentation of experimentation with SCP-016 must be submitted before and after samples and duplicates of SCP-016 may be taken. Failure to follow these procedures will result in termination or reassignment as Class-D Personnel. Only authorized personnel may be permitted to obtain samples of and experiment with SCP-016 under BC-L5 containment conditions.
If an outbreak does occur despite following the aforementioned procedures, directive base personnel are to implement a Code Sigma lockdown and containment plan. Infected personnel are to be terminated on site by security forces wearing standard Mission Oriented Protective Posture (MOPP) anti-biological and anti-chemical equipment. Should the infection not be contained after 48 hours, the on-site nuclear device is to be detonated. Remaining personnel are not to be evacuated under any circumstances.
SCP-016 has been shown to survive for up to six (6) hours on hard surfaces, and up to several minutes in air. High intensity ultraviolet light and high concentrations of ortho-phthalaldehyde solution have been demonstrated to be effective in disinfecting non-organic surfaces.
Description: SCP-016 is a blood-borne pathogen recovered from a mine worker in █████ who injured himself while working in a deep coal seam. Said wound became contaminated with coal dust from the mine, possibly infecting the worker with dormant spores. Over the next several days, SCP-016 proceeded to infect the remaining employees at the mining camp, as well as the CDC crisis team dispatched to deal with the epidemic. Foundation personnel then took over the investigation and terminated all affected personnel. Patient Zero was brought into captivity, and the mine shaft was collapsed by an explosive device.
SCP-016 has an incubation period ranging from 24 hours to two (2) years, depending on the presence and number of other human hosts in the area. First symptoms resemble the common cold, and include itchy eyes, runny nose, coughing, and bodily aches. Phase two begins in 48 hours, and consists of a controlled form of hemorrhagic fever, as the organism causes a small amount of blood to become aspirated in the lungs, creating an aerosol effect. During phase three, the host "crashes and bleeds out," bleeding profusely from every bodily orifice, including the nose, tear ducts, anus, skin pores, mouth, urethra, and (in case of females) vagina. Blood pressure skyrockets during the final stage: hosts have been observed projectile vomiting blood to distances of over five (5) meters. Should the host survive this near-total exsanguination, the pathogen will become dormant once more, returning to incubation phase.
What distinguishes SCP-016 from other strains of hemorrhagic fever such as Ebola and Marburg is its unusual response to high stress. Should the subject undergo a high-stress situation (such as a life-threatening crisis), the organism will change its survival tactic from rapid reproduction to the rewriting of the host's DNA and stimulation of rapid cell division. Major physiological changes occur within the first 24 hours, with complete bodily reconstruction occurring within two (2) weeks time. Most hosts do not survive the process due to the heavy demands made on the body.1
An interesting side effect of the transformation is an increased aggressive urge. It is believed that this may be an attempt to maximize the spread of the virus in a manner similar to rabies. On another note, subjects who undergo bodily transformation no longer appear to exhibit SCP-016's hemorrhagic properties: however, subjects infected by transformed hosts will still undergo the normal SCP-016 infection process.
Addendum: Experiment Log of SCP-016's Transformative Properties
Item #: SCP-017
Object Class: Keter
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-017 is contained in an acrylic glass cage, 100 cm by 50 cm by 50 cm, centrally suspended in a concrete room measuring 6 m by 6 m by 4 m. Attached to the walls, ceiling, and floor of the room are high-intensity arc lamp spotlights pointed directly at the acrylic cage, to ensure that SCP-017 is constantly exposed to light from every angle. Personnel assigned to the SCP-017 control room are to monitor the functionality of the spotlights and the emergency generator system and call for maintenance immediately upon knowledge of a burnt-out lamp or an issue with the generator.
The only circumstance under which personnel are allowed entrance is to replace lamps. Personnel entering the room are required to wear the designated full-body reflective suits, and must be cautioned not to step in front of functional spotlights.
Description: SCP-017 is a humanoid figure approximately 80 centimeters in height, anatomically similar to a small child, but with no discernible identifying features. SCP-017 seems to be composed of a shadowy, smoke-like shroud. No attempt to find any object beneath the shroud has been successful, but the possibility has not been ruled out.
SCP-017's reaction to shadows cast upon it is immediate and swift. SCP-017 leaps at the object casting the shadow and completely encloses it in its shroud, whereupon it returns to its normal size, leaving no trace of the object behind.
Additional Notes: Personnel with BETA clearance or higher should see also document #017-1.
« SCP-016 | SCP-017 | SCP-018 »
Cite this page as:
"SCP-017" by Sam Swicegood, from the SCP Wiki. Source: http://www.scpwiki.com/scp-017. Licensed under CC-BY-SA.
For more information, see Licensing Guide.
Licensing Disclosures
Item #: SCP-019
Object Class: Keter
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-019 is to be kept on a wide grate in a 3 m x 3 m x 4 m reinforced concrete room, installed with an incinerator. Room is to be kept at zero (0) degrees Celsius when incinerator is not activated. An observation chamber separated by a plate glass window is to be used for constant observation of SCP-019, and if/when specimens of SCP-019-2 are observed, the incinerator is to be activated. In the event of an outbreak of SCP-019-2, ordinary firearms are successful in terminating individual specimens, although in the case of a swarm-level outbreak, flamethrowers may be more effective. SCP-019 should be kept in a vertical position at all times.
Description: SCP-019 appears to be a very large ceramic vase, 1.8 m in diameter at the mouth and 2.4 m high. Style and decoration indicate it was created in Classical Greece, although conclusive dating is impossible, as the surface is entirely unbreakable by any known means. If a successful method is discovered, SCP-019 is to be destroyed with prejudice.
Periodically, entities emerge from SCP-019. Collectively, these are known as SCP-019-2. The entities vary in many aspects, but tend to be small, vaguely humanoid (though they may have animaloid features), and extremely hostile. They often choose to attack with teeth or claws. Although fairly delicate (also, surprisingly, flammable), they are reasonably strong and pose a considerable threat in large numbers.
SCP-019-2 specimen
When kept at zero (0) degrees Celsius and totally at rest, entities will emerge from SCP-019 at a rate of approximately one (1) entity per hour. The following traits are known to affect SCP-019-2's manifestation rate:
Traits that may or may not influence SCP-019-2's manifestation rate:
In addition, tipping or tilting SCP-019 will create a reaction as though it was previously “filled” with SCP-019-2 specimens, although viewers looking into SCP-019 from above will merely observe a dark hole. Due to the production rates of SCP-019-2 when the object is disturbed, measurement of the internal cavity is difficult, but it is suspected to be inconsistent with outside measurements.
Addendum: Document SCP-019-2-A
SCP-019-2 notes, as maintained by Doctor Light and Doctor Vaux
██/██/████
SCP-019-2 specimen was removed from containment chamber and kept in reinforced pen, provided with water and live chickens as food. Specimen made quiet, continuous, garbled vocalizations, determined to be phonetically similar to Ancient Hellenic languages. Although the reason for this is unknown, specimens are still thought to be no more intelligent than animals.
The specimen lived for less than 48 hours, and a dissection revealed anatomy consistent on a cellular level with normal biology, but with an extremely unstable musculoskeletal structure. Other notable anomalies included an unstable respiratory system, nearly nonexistent digestive tract, and virtually no other internal organs. All other captured specimens have followed similar patterns of behavior and demise.
Note: It appears that SCP-019-2 specimens were not intended to live for meaningful amounts of time outside of SCP-019. -Dr. Vaux
██/██/████
Containment unit was slightly damaged following prolonged exposure to SCP-019-2 specimen, missed by the monitoring team because of partial transparency. This has not been noted in SCP-019-2 before. Monitoring teams will continue to report further anomalies.
██/██/████
Monitoring teams report some specimens of SCP-019-2 now appear to be significantly more resistant to incineration than others. It is hypothesized that this is a defense mechanism on the part of SCP-019.
██/██/████
Most specimens of SCP-019-2 are now all but entirely resistant to the effects of the incinerator. Replacement of incinerator with an acid bath is being considered. “Evolution” of SCP-019-2 is being studied, and may be evidence of sentience in SCP-019.
« SCP-018 | SCP-019 | SCP-020 »
Item #: SCP-020
Object Class: Keter
Special Containment Procedures: Samples of SCP-020 are stored in a series of sealed cultivation chambers inside a sealed containment room at Biological Research Area-12 which is accessible only via airlock. Nutrients are administered via automated robotic systems, as the cultivation chamber must remain sealed at all times.
Hermetically sealed video surveillance cameras are installed within the containment room, and must be checked daily for integrity. Any personnel entering the containment room must wear Biosafety Level 5 equipment including rebreathers and undergo full anti-fungal disinfection upon exiting.
Description: SCP-020 is a fast-spreading fungal organism that is capable of affecting the senses and behavior of living creatures, including humans. Samples of SCP-020 exhibit an unknown effect that renders them effectively invisible to direct observation, even when under a microscope. SCP-020 is only visible to humans when viewed through photographic or video surveillance.
Once SCP-020 forms a colony, usually within a human residence, it will produce spores that affect the behavior of humans around it. Affected subjects will increase the heat and humidity within their homes to create an environment more suitable to the growth of SCP-020. Affected subjects also become more sociable in many cases, and often invite acquaintances to their homes to further spread the organism. As the spores and mold colonies are invisible to affected subjects, the mold may sometimes grow directly on living subjects.
As the spores and colonies within a home approach critical concentration, the health of affected human subjects will rapidly deteriorate, resulting in death. Further spread of the mold may occur as the bodies of any deceased subjects are encountered by emergency responders and health care agents, as well as transportation of the bodies to local morgues.
SCP-020 was first encountered in [REDACTED], where an undercover SCP agent noted dramatic personality changes in personnel working at the local hospital. Upon investigation by a containment team, it was discovered that almost ███ civilians had been infected, as well as a majority of the town. The civilian population was terminated, and the town incinerated under cover of a local flash forest fire.
To date, over 12 outbreaks of SCP-020 have been reported. Investigations are currently underway to determine the source of these outbreaks and possible preventative measures.
Addendum 020-01: Excerpts from the audio/video mission recorders of Mobile Task Force Eta-10 ("See No Evil") during the initial containment of SCP-020 on [REDACTED].
T2-Lead: Team Two moving to the red house.
T2-COM: Copy, UAV One is picking up one heat signature.
…
T2-Lead: Team Two in place, ready to br— [Expletive]!
T2-2: Door opening!
At this point, a civilian woman appeared in the doorway, holding a kitchen knife. Video surveillance showed that nearly two-thirds of her face was covered by mold growths.
Civilian Woman: Well… hello there, gentlemen… care to take a breather inside?
T2-Lead: On the ground! Drop the weapon!
Civilian Woman: Don't be silly! Come on in and… stay a while…
T2-Lead: Stop where you are! DROP THE WEAPON!
Civilian Woman: We… we just want to have some guests… please… come in…
T2-2: Drop the [Expletive] weapon!
It is assumed that at this point, the infected civilian noticed T2-4 carrying a primed incendiary weapon, and lunged forward at the team members with the knife.
Civilian Woman: [DATA EXPUNGED]
T2-Lead: Open fire, open fire!
Gunfire, screaming.
« SCP-019 | SCP-020 | SCP-021 »
Cite this page as:
"SCP-020" by Aelanna, from the SCP Wiki. Source: http://www.scpwiki.com/scp-020. Licensed under CC-BY-SA.
For more information, see Licensing Guide.
Licensing Disclosures
Item #: SCP-021
Object Class: Safe
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-021 is an obligate parasite of the human body. Containment, therefore, is no more difficult than containing an adult human; most cells will suffice. Item is currently housed in detention cell 217-A on subject D-139. Only class D personnel are eligible for hosting SCP-021. As long as a given subject survives as a host for SCP-021, he is exempt from normal monthly terminations of class D personnel.
Description: SCP-021 takes the form of a large and elaborate tattoo of a serpentine dragon in the oriental style, covering approximately 0.8 square meters of skin. This tattoo is fully animate within the confines of its host's skin and behaves largely as a normal animal would, albeit in only two dimensions. The tattoo's movement causes constant pain to its host, comparable and similar in character to simultaneous tattooing and tattoo removal on a large scale. The organism tends to spend most of its time on and near the torso. SCP-021 displays no intelligence beyond a basic pattern of feeding and locomotion, although actually measuring the intelligence of a two-dimensional life-form has proven impossible thus far.
SCP-021 appears to feed exclusively on pigments in the host's skin. This can include melanin, in which case the subject appears to be suffering from vitiligo. However, the organism shows a marked preference for other tattoos and will seek out and devour these before resorting to natural pigments. It should be noted that the feeding process itself, beyond the sensation of movement, is painless; normal tattoo ink simply vanishes as it is 'eaten'. The organism maintains a constant size, and no excretions have been observed. The organism is capable of clearing over 0.6 square meters of skin per hour. One may 'feed' SCP-021 by (quickly) tattooing fruits or small animals on the host.
SCP-021 can be transferred between hosts by various forms of physical contact, with differing rates of success. In the case of successful transfer, the organism simply 'swims' from one person to the other. Sexual intercourse appears to be the most reliable method of transfer, with a 93% rate of transmission. However, due to the severe pain involved, this is less than ideal. Contact between two open wounds is generally preferable. Transfer is more complicated in deceased subjects, though not unreasonably so; the organism suffers no ill effects from the death of its host and continues to consume pigments. Transmission between species is unknown; previous tests suggest it to be either impossible or exceedingly rare.
SCP-021 does confer some benefits to its host. The tattoo has been proven to accelerate the release and re-uptake of epinephrine and decrease lactic acid buildup, providing boosts of strength, confidence, and pain tolerance in stressful situations and reducing the usual after-effects of weakness and fatigue. In addition, the tattoo seems to have some beneficial effect on the host's immune system. Aggression profiles in hosts are generally higher than average, though whether this is a direct effect of the tattoo or simply a reaction to the constant pain remains to be seen.
The symbiotic relationship is usually limited by how long the host can tolerate such pain in everyday life. This has culminated in suicide in a number of subjects. In rare cases, hosts have also fallen victim to fatal skin infections.
SCP-021's origins and nature are a mystery. Tracing its transmission from host to host is hardly feasible within the confines of secrecy, and the organism could well be hundreds of years old, if not more. Nevertheless, SCP-021's captivity is one of the longest in the Foundation's history at nearly [DATA EXPUNGED] years, and has been very educational thus far. Current research focuses mainly on observing the characteristics of life in two dimensions.
« SCP-020 | SCP-021 | SCP-022 »
Cite this page as:
"SCP-021" by xthevilecorruptor, from the SCP Wiki. Source: http://www.scpwiki.com/scp-021. Licensed under CC-BY-SA.
For more information, see Licensing Guide.
Licensing Disclosures
Item #: SCP-025
Object Class: Safe
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-025 is only to be opened during testing, as is the room in which SCP-025 is stored. Entry codes are to be given only to authorized research and security personnel. No other containment protocols required.
Description: SCP-025 is a wooden wardrobe measuring 0.97 m x 0.62 m x 1.95 m, full of clothing dating from a number of time periods. Articles contained within the chest, collectively named SCP-025-1, match with styles of decades from the 1920s to the present. The apparel from each time frame varies with regard to style; for example, a polyester striped shirt and pair of charcoal suit pants both correspond with general styles of the 1970s. The only unifying aspect of every article contained in SCP-025 is that each one is in poor condition; moths have eaten at much of the collection, and tears and runs are not uncommon.
When any item from SCP-025 is put on, the wearer is observed either to die or suffer an injury within 24 hours. The cause of death or injury in these instances is invariably linked to the aforementioned flaws in the clothing, but only ever appears to be an unrelated incident. Wearing a glove with a fingertip cut off may result in the loss of the fingertip through a simple kitchen accident like chopping onions; similarly, a subject wearing a poncho with a sleeve missing will somehow cause the loss of the uncovered arm, be it an attack by a wild animal or a vehicular accident that necessitates the amputation of the limb. If placed in a sealed, unfurnished enclosure while wearing an item from the chest, the wearer will either seemingly spontaneously contract a flesh-eating disease that begins in the areas not covered by the clothing, or suffer the failure of an organ located beneath an imperfection in the article. Diseases arising from such incidents may or may not be contagious; no study has been successfully undertaken due to the speed at which the strains observed run their course. Recommended that, if possible, samples of the disease be taken to lab for possible weaponization.
Following is an abridged testing log of SCP-025; more thorough testing will accompany the declassification of the document in its entirety.
TEST LOG SCP-025, SECTION 1
Item #: SCP-030
Object Class: Safe
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-030 is to be held at Site-17 within a modified humanoid containment cell. Minor adaptations to accommodate its stature, such as an appropriately-scaled workspace and chair, are to be included. Lighting within the cell may be altered upon request of SCP-030 to a maximum of 2000 lumens via a simple dimmer switch. Should the need to render SCP-030 inert arise, staff may extinguish the lighting from the exterior switch and draw blackout curtains as necessary. Standard night-vision equipment is available for observation of SCP-030 in its inert state.
SCP-030 may request materials for personal research every 90 days. All previously requested materials are to be collected and destroyed prior to delivery of new materials. All materials are to be evaluated and screened by both research and security staff. SCP-030 is to be denied access to any modern scientific journals or texts, and fiction is to be restricted to works produced no later than 1623 CE to preserve the integrity of its innate knowledge.
Staff wishing to consult with SCP-030 in writing are to place a formal request (document #030-RS/B) with the supervising researcher on duty. All correspondence is to be retained. Staff wishing to consult with SCP-030 in person are to submit a formal request to site management (documents 030-RP/A, 17-030/A) at least 30 days prior to their preferred consultation date. All consultations are to be recorded and retained. Senior research staff may request SCP-030 be temporarily removed from its containment for a maximum of one hour to provide observational insight into non-restricted materials or events within Site-17. Under no circumstances is SCP-030 to leave the confines of Site-17. Requests must be presented in person to site management and security staff at least 30 days prior to their preferred observational release date. All observational release events are to be recorded and retained. SCP-030 has been equipped with a tracking device (inventory control code #030-17-1) so its location within Site-17 may be determined precisely at any time.
Description: SCP-030 appears as a hairless, genderless, grey-toned human 71 centimeters (28 inches) in height and weighing 12.70 kilograms (two British stone in antiquated measure). Its solid blue eyes lack discernible irises or pupils, and resemble small cut sapphires. SCP-030 possesses an androgynous voice with a pronounced English accent not currently identifiable as specific to any modern region. It is able to converse, read and write in Ancient Greek, Latin, Italian, English, Spanish and Portuguese as well as two (2) additional languages that have not yet been identified despite SCP-030's insistence that they should be "common knowledge." SCP-030 has also demonstrated knowledge of physics, chemistry, astronomy, mathematics and horticulture roughly equivalent to that of a 17th-century CE academic. In addition, SCP-030 has demonstrated knowledge on these topics along research lines that do not appear in the historical record. These alternative or entirely unknown approaches to research in the natural sciences are one source of SCP-030's utility in consultation.
SCP-030 remains active while a 15-lumen source of light or greater is within 1.5 meters (5 feet). In the absence of light, SCP-030 becomes inert, apparently losing consciousness and showing no outward signs of life. Within five to ten (5-10) seconds of being re-exposed to light, SCP-030 becomes active once more, appearing to come out of a light slumber no matter how long the period of inactivity has been. SCP-030 does not appear to require these periods of inactivity as a human would require sleep, and has expressed a desire to remain active as often as possible.
Biopsy analysis of SCP-030 remains inconclusive. While clays native to the English counties of Kent, Surrey, and Greater London make up the majority of its structure, traces of mandrake (Mandragora officinarum), lye, mercury, and human blood have been found in each sample taken. SCP-030 has expressed that a full exploratory surgery to determine its workings would potentially end its existence. Samples removed from SCP-030 do not regenerate, and sampling is currently discontinued to preserve its integrity. Although SCP-030 can be damaged, it does not appear to feel pain, and will simply re-mold any portion of its anatomy that experiences deformation. Notably, SCP-030 cannot be molded directly by human hands, though any number of tools may be used to alter its surface. SCP-030 does not respirate, requires no sustenance, and produces no waste, although it does infrequently request a bath.
SCP-030 refers to itself as "Ariel" and regularly requests that staff do the same. Questions regarding how SCP-030 was created and by whom are routinely answered with the seemingly rote statement: "I have been asked to forget that bit of information. Terribly sorry." SCP-030 delivers this response in the same tone and cadence each time any question regarding its origins or creator are presented. Given its composition and location of origin, a link to the Alchemists of Alagadda is suspected.
SCP-030 was discovered 6/12/████ during a mandatory archaeological survey within London's Mortlake District pending construction of a car park. It was buried approximately 2.7 meters (9 feet) below street level, contained in a small stone sarcophagus. The sarcophagus bore no markings and was assumed to be that of a deceased infant as additional graves were discovered in the survey area. The sarcophagus lid was shattered during the excavation, exposing SCP-030 to daylight. Upon being struck by the sun's rays, SCP-030 roused from its inert state to one of mild activity within a few seconds, stating, "Good afternoon" to the assembled construction team. A member of the Foundation's Greater London recon force was summoned within hours and took the specimen into custody without resistance. The limited number of witnesses were given amnestics and released.
Addendum 1:
Item #: SCP-032
Object Class: Euclid
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-032 is to be housed in Automated Containment Unit 535/15. Direct contact with SCP-032 is to be restricted to research-relevant tasks only. Interviews, if deemed necessary, are to be carried out using the Unit's remote communication array. While SCP-032's presence is not directly harmful to the human body, exposure to it is to be limited to periods of 12 hours or less due to its adverse effects on most beneficial microorganisms. SCP-032 is not to be exposed to any biological material not refined or otherwise tempered by humanity, with an emphasis on non-human living entities. For full list of classifications, see Document-032-RCL. SCP-032 neither requires nor requested substances or other forms of comfort.
Description: SCP-032 is a Type-F (imperfect external resemblance, internally inconsistent) human simulacrum of currently unknown origins. It is composed of an outer shell of pigmented silicone (5.5 mm thick), and various plastic fiber polymers, with the outward appearance of a Caucasian woman nearing the third decade of life. SCP-032's interior is composed entirely of liquid refined oil, lacking any skeletal or muscle structure. Despite this, SCP-032 is capable of locomotion and speech. SCP-032 is capable of maintaining the illusion of humanity at a moderate distance, but becomes unconvincing at a closer range, causing mild discomfort in most observers. This effect has been deemed non-anomalous. Despite apparently possessing fully-realized cognitive abilities, SCP-032 claims that it is not sapient, acting only as an intermediary instrument of its creators. The Foundation has not been able to verify or refute this claim as of yet.
SCP-032 possesses extreme adverse effects to any biological entity in its close vicinity not created, willfully influenced, manipulated by or similarly relating to humanity. While the exact nature of these effects varies, SCP-032's presence inevitably causes severe and irreparable damage to the ability of any living organism to exchange and/or use energy: wild flora loses its ability to photosynthesize or otherwise produce or consume energy, fauna the use of its respiratory and digestive systems, etc. This applies to microorganisms as well, though SCP-032's effects seem to favor damage to their reproductive systems instead. It is hypothesized that the symbiotic relation some microorganisms have to humanity is the reason for this discrepancy.
SCP-032 was discovered sitting on the doorstep of the inner compound of Foundation Site-██ near ██████████, Slovakia. When questioned by Foundation security personnel, SCP-032 explained its anomalous effects and claimed it was there 'to be stored'. Surveillance footage show no record of the time of its arrival, and it is not yet known how SCP-032 came to know Site-██'s location or approach it without being spotted. When asked for its reason for seeking Foundation custody, SCP-032 replied that it was there at the command of its creators, seeking 'indefinite storage, until claimed'.
Note: this interview was recorded near the time of SCP-032's initial containment by Dr. Alexander Kovac, Site-██ resident psychologist, following its initial examination by Site Security.
<Begin Log>
Item #: SCP-034
Object Class: Safe
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-034 is to be kept in a secure room with access granted only to Level 4 personnel. SCP-034 itself will be kept in a locked case that is under 24-hour surveillance. When not in lab conditions, SCP-034's protective sheath cannot be removed under any circumstances. Any personnel in contact with SCP-034 must be placed under a 24-hour observation period until their identities can be confirmed.
Description: SCP-034 is a primitive knife constructed out of pure obsidian. Tests reveal that SCP-034 is approximately 1000 years old. Despite its crude method of construction and age, SCP-034 is still incredibly sharp and requires no maintenance to retain its edge. Expert analysis hypothesizes that SCP-034 may be of South American origin, and that it may have been used in Native American rituals. Several accounts from Spanish conquistadors exploring the █████████ region support this hypothesis, with detailed writings on how █████ priests would flay their victims alive with similar knives and wear their skin as a tribute to their gods.
SCP-034 has the ability to allow its bearer to take on the appearance of another individual. If SCP-034 is used to cut a piece of flesh from a living individual, and that piece of flesh is placed against the skin of another individual, the second individual would take on not only the appearance, but all physical characteristics of the first individual. Testing has shown that the minimum amount of skin required can be as little as one (1) square centimeter. However, testing has also revealed that the amount of time the transformation lasts is directly proportional to the amount of flesh used. The ratio of time the transformation lasts to flesh used has been measured at approximately one (1) hour for every square centimeter used. Once the time limit has passed, the affected individual will revert to their original form.
Analysis of SCP-034's ability shows that its method of mimicking another individual is nearly flawless. Not only does SCP-034 change its bearer's physical appearance, but their actual physical attributes as well, including height, weight, muscle mass, bone density, hair growth, eyesight, strength, physical medical conditions, and even DNA. The only physical traits that are not carried over in the transformation process are wounds caused by SCP-034 itself.
Subjects still retain their original personality and memories while transformed. Even though the process is nearly instantaneous, taking only a few seconds, human test subjects have described the transformation process as extremely painful. Subjects also may suffer psychological trauma depending on the extent of their physical transformation. Side effects are especially serious if the subject takes on the appearance of a person with differing gender or with wildly different physical attributes.
However, in order to function properly, the individuals who have their flesh cut off by SCP-034 must still be biologically alive to maintain the transformation. Should the individual whose identity has been stolen expire, the effect immediately wears off. Further details may be found in Lab Report 034A. Also, SCP-034 only appears to work on human subjects. Cross-species experiments with SCP-034 have resulted in [DATA EXPUNGED]
SCP-034 came into Foundation possession when an imposter disguised as Dr. ███████ attempted to infiltrate Site ██. The impostor was apprehended when authorities discovered the real Dr. ███████ tied up in his home with a large portion of his right arm skinned. Further details may be found in Post Interrogation Report 2211.
Lab Report-034A: We've decided to test several scenarios dealing with the limits of SCP-034's capabilities.
*Test 1: Sample taken from deceased human cadaver and applied to subject D-452. There is no observable effect.
*Test 2: Sample taken from D-532 and applied to D-452. D-452 successfully mimics D-532's appearance. Upon termination of D-532, D-452 immediately reverts back to original form.
*Test 3: Sample taken from D-433 while under a medically induced coma and applied to subject D-452. D-452 successfully mimics D-433's appearance and manages to maintain the transformation and consciousness.
*Test 4: Sample taken from a brain-dead medical patient who suffered a massive brain hemorrhage and applied to D-452. D-452 successfully mimics the patient's appearance but immediately loses consciousness upon transformation. D-452 does not regain consciousness until the transformation period expires. D-452 retains no memory of the event.
*Test 5: Sample taken from D-625, who suffered a broken arm due to a confrontation with security staff. D-452 successfully mimics D-625's appearance, including the broken arm. D-452's broken arm is re-mended when the transformation period expires.
*Test 6: Sample taken from a terminally ill medical patient and applied to D-452. The patient's terminal illness was caused by an inherent genetic defect. D-452 successfully mimics the patient's appearance as well as the patient's illness. Both the terminally ill patient and D-452 expire at the same time, after which D-452 reverts back to original form.
*Test 7: Sample taken from a chimpanzee and applied to D-466. D-466 experiences rapid growth of hair across their entire body. There are otherwise no other significant physical or physiological changes. Body hair disappears when the transformation period expires.
*Test 8: Sample taken from an Atlantic salmon and applied to D-466. There is no observable effect.
*Test 9: Under O5 authorization, a sample taken from SCP-████ is applied to D-466. D-466 exhibits extremely adverse reaction upon transformation and [DATA EXPUNGED], resulting in significant damage to testing environment, multiple injuries among test and security staff, and the death of D-466. Testing of anomalous humanoids with SCP-034 is suspended indefinitely.
Post Interrogation Report 2211:
Item #: SCP-035
Object Class: Keter
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-035 is to be kept within a hermetically sealed glass case, no fewer than 10 centimeters (4 inches) thick. This case is to be contained within a steel, iron and lead-shielded room at all times. Doors are to be triple-locked at all times, with the exception of allowing personnel in or out. No fewer than two (2) armed guards are to be posted at any time. Guards must remain outside at all times and are not allowed within the containment room under any circumstances. A trained psychologist is to remain on site at all times. Research personnel are not to touch SCP-035 at any time. SCP-035 must be moved to a new sealed case every two (2) weeks. The previous case must be disposed of via SCP-101, as it shows no adverse reactions to SCP-035's “corruption”. Anyone who comes into contact with SCP-035 when it is in possession of a host is to be given an immediate psychological evaluation.
Description: SCP-035 appears to be a white porcelain comedy mask, although, at times, it will change to tragedy. In these events, all existing visual records, such as photographs, video footage, even illustrations, of SCP-035 automatically change to reflect its new appearance.
A highly corrosive and degenerative viscous liquid constantly seeps from the eye and mouth holes of SCP-035. Anything coming into contact with this substance slowly decays over a period of time, depending on the material, until it has decayed completely into a pool of the original contaminant. Glass seems to react the slowest to the effects of the item, hence the construction choice of its immediate container. Living organisms that come into contact with the substance react much the same way, with no chance of recovery. Origin of the liquid is unknown. Liquid is only visible from the front, and does not emerge or is even visible from the other side.
Subjects within 1.5 to 2 meters (5-6 feet) of SCP-035, or in visual contact with it, experience a strong urge to put it on. When SCP-035 is placed on the face of an individual, an alternate brain wave pattern from SCP-035 overlaps that of the original host, effectively snuffing it out and causing brain death to the subject. Subject then claims to be the consciousness contained within SCP-035. The bodies of "possessed" subjects decay at a highly accelerated rate, eventually becoming little more than mummified corpses. Nevertheless, SCP-035 has demonstrated the ability to remain in cognitive control of a body experiencing severe structural damage, even if the subject's body literally decays to the point where motion is not mechanically possible. No effect is found to be had when placed on the face of an animal.
Conversations with SCP-035 have proven to be informative. Researchers have learned various details about other SCP objects and history in general, as SCP-035 claims to have been at many momentous events. SCP-035 displays a highly intelligent and charismatic personality, being both amiable and flattering to all those who speak with it. SCP-035 has scored in the 99th percentile on all intelligence and aptitude tests administered to it, and appears to have a photographic memory.
However, psychological analysis has discovered SCP-035 to possess a highly manipulative nature, capable of forcing sudden and profound changes to interviewer's psychological state. SCP-035 has proven to be highly sadistic, prompting some to commit suicide and transforming others into near-mindless servants with linguistic persuasion alone. SCP-035 has stated that it has intimate knowledge of the workings of the human mind and implied that it could change anyone's views if given enough time.
Additional: SCP-035 was found in a sealed crypt in an abandoned house in Venice, in 18██.
Addendum 035-01: SCP-035 has been found to be able to possess anything that has a humanoid shape, including mannequins, corpses, and statues. SCP-035 has been able to motivate all into movement, removing the need to expose live subjects to SCP-035. Still, anything it possesses inevitably decays into motionlessness.
Addendum 035-02: SCP-035 has facilitated an escape attempt, convincing several of the research staff to aid it in its bid for freedom. Insurrection failed. All staff that have been in contact with SCP-035 have been terminated, and mandatory psychiatric evaluations have been implemented for all personnel coming in contact with SCP-035.
Addendum 035-03: It has been determined that SCP-035 is capable of telepathy, whether or not it possesses a host, even penetrating to the subconscious of others, and using the knowledge it finds to its advantage. Extreme caution is advised when choosing subjects to converse with SCP-035.
Addendum 035-04: SCP-035 has expressed an interest in other SCPs, most notably SCP-4715 and SCP-682. Dr. ██████ has expressed worry that should SCP-035 bond with either, their regenerative qualities would negate its corruption and give it a permanent host.
Addendum 035-05: After several more escape attempts, and after reviewing SCP-035's incident record, high command has ordered that it be permanently sealed within the facility and prohibited from being allowed any more hosts. Several personnel have protested against this, with some even erupting into violence. As a direct result, all personnel that have come into contact with SCP-035 have been terminated. Going forward, all personnel that deal with SCP-035 are to be rotated frequently, and contact is to be limited even to its dormant state to as little as possible.
Addendum 035-06: Personnel within 10 meters of SCP-035 have recently reported feeling unease, stating that they can hear unintelligible whispering. Several others have suffered from severe migraines. Object has been monitored, but there is no change in its dormant behavior, and no sounds have been recorded.
The motion to reinstate SCP-035's host privileges has been brought up once more, if only on a temporary basis to discover these new changes in the object's behavior. (Denied)
Addendum 035-07: The walls of SCP-035's containment cell have suddenly begun secreting a black substance. Tests on the substance have revealed it to be human blood, although highly contaminated with several foreign and unknown agents. Substance is corrosive, having a pH of 4.5, and prolonged exposure to the walls has proven to be detrimental to their structural integrity.
More notably, it seems to be forming patterns on the walls. Several segments seem to be paragraphs in various languages, including Italian, Latin, Greek, and Sanskrit. Translation is pending. Other segments appear to be diagrams depicting ritualistic sacrifice and mutilation, often for the arcane benefit of the person committing them. Several staff members have been shocked to note that all of the sacrifices bear an uncanny resemblance to various personnel and their loved ones, often in conflicting positions.
Researchers while in the room examining these newly formed patterns have complained of hearing loud whispering, and high pitched, unnerving laughter at irregular intervals.
Personnel in the section working daily near and around SCP-035's containment unit have suffered catastrophic morale damage, with an all time high in suicide rates in staff in that area, whether or not they have ever had contact with SCP-035.
The only change in SCP-035's dormant behavior is regarding its contained glass case. Degradation of the case has increased to a high degree, enough so that the glass will occasionally shatter, causing a wide dispersal of SCP-035's contaminant. This occurs quite often at the most inopportune times, so far resulting in six (6) casualties and three (3) fatalities of both research and cleanup staff.
Addendum 035-08: In light of the mass suicide/homicide of the members of the research team tasked with translating the passages garnered from SCP-035's containment cell, the morale damage in the area, and general loss of staff dealing with SCP-035 to either death or insanity, it has been decided to coat the inner and outer walls of its containment cell with SCP-148, which has proved well in the containment of SCP-132 (see Document 132-01), in order to hopefully block out the high levels of negativity being emitted by SCP-035.
Addendum 035-09: The use of SCP-148 has worked well, causing morale and suicide rates to return to near pre-SCP-035 rates.
However, the material appears to facilitate the negativity within the cell, causing a veritable "Greenhouse Effect" inside. Personnel inside the cell have stated that they feel a heavy sense of dread, fear, anger, and general depression, as well as hearing constant, nearly inaudible whispering upon immediate entry. A prolonged stay causes severe migraines, suicidal tendencies, heavy hemorrhaging of blood vessels around the eyes and inside the mouth and nose, general hostility to others, and for the whispering to increase to almost deafening volumes, intersected by a constant mocking laughter. Exposure of more than three (3) hours inevitably results in the subject falling into a deep psychosis, and attempting to harm either themselves or others. Most spoke in Latin or Greek, despite the fact that several did not previously know how to speak said languages beforehand.
The presence of blood in both word and diagram formations has increased disproportionately, the walls becoming cluttered, and the formations beginning to overlap each other. The substance has proven to be both difficult to clean, and even more corrosive than was originally recorded, with a pH of roughly 2.4. General estimation gives the current walls a life of two (2) months before they will need replacement.
It is becoming gradually more and more difficult to contain SCP-035, and the debate to reinstate its host privileges has once again come up. (Denied)
Addendum 035-10: The walls, ceiling and floor of SCP-035's containment cell have now been completely saturated in blood. All personnel entering and guarding the area must wear full Hazmat protection suits. Constant cleaning efforts are being instated.
Addendum 035-11: The magnitude, intensity, and recurrence of the phenomena that occur within SCP-035's containment cell have increased to an alarming degree. The cell door has been known to become locked of its own accord while personnel are inside, and unable to be opened for a period of time. Appendages form out of the larger puddles of blood and often attempt to grab or harm personnel near them. Blurry apparitions have started appearing to staff. Electronic devices no longer work inside the cell, and the light cannot be turned on, though there is no physical reason why it does not work, forcing those entering to use non-electric based light sources.
Cleaning measures are having no discernible effect on the cell, and the walls are degrading at a very high rate, forcing them to be replaced within a week at best, although the blood makes it nearly impossible to properly achieve this.
SCP-035 may have to be moved to a new cell entirely, with the old one sealed off and disengaged from the rest of the facility.
« SCP-034 | SCP-035 | SCP-036 »
Cite this page as:
"SCP-035" by Kain Pathos Crow, from the SCP Wiki. Source: http://www.scpwiki.com/scp-035. Licensed under CC-BY-SA.
For more information, see Licensing Guide.
Licensing Disclosures
Item #: SCP-036
Object Class: Safe
Special Containment Procedures: Once every year, a mobile task force is dispatched from Containment Command-02 in [EXPUNGED] to Site-22A to defend the runway and airport located there. The civilian facility is to be cleared of all non-SCP personnel by 0400 hours of September 23 and none are allowed to return until sunrise the next day. On October 1, all civilians must be evacuated again before sunrise and will not be allowed on to Site-22A until the return of the "Pilgrimage flight."
Pilgrims in transit from the "Arrival Flight" awaiting departure on the "Pilgrim Flight" may only be cross-examined by researchers with Level 3 security level clearance or higher.
Description: SCP-036 includes the location, Site-22A (a small airport in the Mosul region of northern Iraq) and Site-22B (the destination of passengers boarding at Site-22A). The key components of SCP-036 are:
Yazidi Holy men shortly before the pilgrimage
Originally, the Kurdish speaking Yazidi people around Mosul secretly performed the Pilgrimage themselves. Pilgrims from the east were escorted by masked armed guards on camel back into the care of Yazidi holy men. It has been explained that the holy men would then take the pilgrims west to their "land of the dead," where the pilgrims would wait to be "reborn" back into the Yazidi people. The ''kiras guhorîn'', literally Kurdish for "changing garments," is used to describe the belief of reincarnation that lesser souls of the Yazidi undergo. While this actual pilgrimage was done in secret, a symbolic pilgrimage and ''kiras guhorîn'' are performed every year at this time by other Yazidi.
During the 1960s, land acquisition by Kurds and Muslims, attacks by Turks, and punitive laws by the Islamic Iraqi Government, restricted the movements and customs of the Yazidi. During that time, the Foundation stepped in and offered aid in the way of an advantageous clause that granted SCP planes unrestricted access to airport facilities in the area. Almost immediately, mysterious planes carrying pilgrims from the east began landing at the local airport and an elusive airport at the destination appeared as well.
« SCP-035 | SCP-036 | SCP-037 »
Cite this page as:
"SCP-036" by Unknown Author, from the SCP Wiki. Source: http://www.scpwiki.com/scp-036. Licensed under CC-BY-SA.
For more information, see Licensing Guide.
Licensing Disclosures
Item #: SCP-037
Object Class: Euclid
Special Containment Procedure: SCP-037 is magnetically contained in a subterranean complex known as Site-22. Object size, spectral signature, and temperature are constantly monitored both onsite and remotely from Site-98.
The primary containment chamber is lined with heat conducting, radiation-resistant NANOPEEK GFV polymer tiles and evacuated of any atmosphere. Heat from the object is radiated into the surrounding rock. Should enclosure integrity become compromised, the emergency system will generate a low power argon plasma shield. This is projected to provide a minimum of 4 hours for onsite engineers to effect necessary repairs before the object breaches containment.
In the contingency that stellar evolution proceeds ahead of projections and a nova event appears imminent, or if containment failure is otherwise unavoidable, any remaining project staff are authorized to initiate the Pituaq Protocol.
Description: SCP-037 appears to be a star approximately 5 cm (2 in) in diameter, with a luminosity of about 1*10-12 times that of our sun and a surface temperature of about 5000 K (determined by UBVRI analysis). The origin of SCP-037 is unknown, however, analysis suggests that it shares many properties in common with a typical main sequence star, other than its anomalously small size. It is theorized to have entered the Earth's magnetosphere via the North Magnetic Pole.
The object was discovered in 19██ above the Beaufort Sea at approximately the North Magnetic Pole. Intense electromagnetic interference was reported by Canadian Forces Station (CFS) Alert, followed by an extremely bright object descending toward the ocean from the sky. The SCPS Guardian responded and discovered the object wavering in an erratic trajectory about 200 m above the surface of the water. Once containment procedures were devised it was transported to Site-32 for study.
Containment and transport of SCP-037 have been achieved by the use of powerful electromagnets, to which the artifact aligns itself according to its own magnetic field. The primary challenge to containment thus far has been its powerful electromagnetic emissions, which are intense enough to be easily seen by the naked eye from high Earth orbit. Its current enclosure is located deep underground to prevent detection and to facilitate radiative cooling into the surrounding bedrock. In effect, the entire facility and the surrounding volume of the Earth's crust act as a massive heat sink.
Addendum A: Over the past ██ years of study, the star has undergone a shift in emitted EM radiation, suggesting that it is undergoing stellar evolution at a vastly accelerated rate. If standard stellar models hold up, this will soon result in an increase in radius by a factor of 100 to 300 times, and a concomitant increase in radiated energy. Emergency containment contingencies are being studied for that eventuality. Further progression of the star's life cycle will likely terminate in a stellar nova, which is estimated to have a yield of ███████████. Extrapolations predict this to occur in ███████████. Research is underway for a method to arrest this development or to transport SCP-037 a safe distance from the planet before it occurs.
To: O5 Council
From: Dr. Innis
Subject: SCP-037 Emergency Neutralization research
Body: Sirs and madams,
The agents embedded with the US DoD have managed to alter the project requirement for the NASA orbiter program. The vehicle will now be designed with enough space to accommodate SCP-037 and a temporary containment apparatus in order to facilitate transport off-planet. However, I continue to have reservations.
Modern rocket technology simply is not reliable enough for the needs of this project. A single mistake could lead to launch failure and subsequent loss of containment, possibly catastrophically. Even a successful launch would have to proceed perfectly, lest the result be visible to observatories and instruments, and possibly the naked eye, around the world.
There are numerous artifacts contained by the Foundation which might allow us to transport SCP-037 safely and cost-effectively to an adjacent dimension, universe, or esoteric domain. SCP-███ in particular might prove especially convenient for this purpose, considering the outcomes of recent attempts to explore it and the difficulty of [[. Neutralization of SCP-037 might thus serve the added purpose of reducing or removing the threat posed by that anomaly, as well.
I implore you to reconsider the Pituaq proposal, submitted in light of these concerns.
END MESSAGE
Item #: SCP-039
Object Class: Euclid
Special Containment Procedures: All instances of SCP-039 are to be contained in Site-77's Wilderness Observation Chamber-2B. At least two (2) security personnel are to monitor the interior and exterior of SCP-039's chamber, and are to rotate every six (6) hours. Staff members may not access SCP-039's chamber without an accompanying escort from site security, and may only do so for research purposes, or for the examination of the chamber for containment sabotage or contraband, which is to occur weekly.
As of 9-18-20██, SCP-039-8 has become pregnant; responsibility for its containment has been reassigned to personnel in the veterinary observation wing.
Description: SCP-039 consists of twenty-three (23) instances of Nasalis larvatus, or proboscis monkey, who have been subject to radical anatomical changes. The eyes and mouths of SCP-039 are absent, leaving the face bare save for the nose and its accompanying nasal passages. Instances of SCP-039 possess acute auditory and tactile sense to compensate for a lack of eyes, relying mostly on physical contact with objects to perceive them, and on loud nasal snorts as a sort of echolocation to help them navigate in their environment. Necropsies have also revealed the digestive system to be absent; how instances of SCP-039 obtain nutrition — or, alternately, how they survive without it — is still a subject of research.
Instances of SCP-039 display signs of sapience, examples of which include communication via nasal snorts, an understanding of spoken English, and a complex understanding of machinery. Adult instances have demonstrated the ability to operate mechanical tools, and possess the ability to repair and manufacture various pieces of technology, such as disassembling and reassembling an internal combustion engine, and efficiently wiring a small apartment room. Testing has shown that SCP-039 appear to work more efficiently individually, rather than in groups, as instances of SCP-039 will often become distracted by one another.
Occasionally when working, instances of SCP-039 will clutch their abdomens and emit distressed vocalizations. If food is located nearby, they will attempt to smear their faces with the substance. It is currently hypothesized that this indicates that SCP-039 is the result of artificial manipulation of normal Nasalis larvatus specimens, with documents recovered during containment supporting this hypothesis. (see Addendum SCP-039-A)
SCP-039 are capable of reproduction and gestation not unlike Nasalis larvatus; as of the time of this writing, five (5) instances of SCP-039 have been born. SCP-039 show a very close bond among their species, with newborns often being cared for by all capable adults. New instances are born with anatomical anomalies similar to other instances of SCP-039, but lack the knowledge of other instances. Parent instances will educate newborns on communication and basic skills until they reach the age of six (6) months, at which point technological ability will be taught by other adult instances.
SCP-039 were recovered from an uninhabited research facility fifty (50) kilometers from the nearby town of ████████, Nevada. Documents recovered during containment placed ownership of the facility under ██████ █████, a company funding research for the advancement of natural human ability. Twenty (20) instances of SCP-039 had been apparently living in and maintaining the facility for an unknown period of time. Additional recovered documents indicate that a project was being conducted to augment human intelligence. This project appears to have been cancelled shortly before the company's collapse, with the assets sold to an unnamed group. Further research into ██████ █████ and the groups that acquired its assets has revealed several other anomalous objects, including SCP-1513.
Addendum SCP-039-A One additional instance of SCP-039 was discovered during containment operations of SCP-1328. Agents are currently following up on any reports indicating the existence of further instances outside of containment.
Addendum SCP-039-B Several documents recovered during initial containment appear to notate the early prototyping stage of SCP-039's development. Research has begun to develop a way to recreate the process that creates new SCP-039 instances; however, the damage the notes had accumulated prior to containment has rendered many of them unreadable.
…removal, they have become almost 100% more productive, not even counting the extra time due to reduced breaks and time off. With this success, we're considering removal of additional orifices, as long as the replacements or lack thereof do not reduce their output.
Wernher was looking at them as they worked today, and noticed some of them clutching their abdomens. Seems that they experience phantom hunger pains, even if they no longer require food. Unless this starts interfering with productivity, we're going to continue as-is.
We tried removing the ocular organs, and just having them work by memory. After a couple of inconclusive trials, we actually got one up to the point where it scored almost as high as the control test. We've decided to move forward with this initiative, and if successful apply it to all specimens.
EDIT: An update on this one. It seems the removal of sight has increased the tactile sensitivity of most of the specimens, and remarkably, this has brought the initial test subjects up to a level of productivity that exceeds the expected result. As such, we will be applying the changes to all available specimens. Some of them didn't take to it, but they're still good for spare parts. In the meantime, we've put them in storage.
After the success of the eyeball thing, Damien suggested that we could increase productivity by increasing auditory sensitivity. As long as they stayed in the factory they'd be fine, since there isn't much here to overwhelm the ears. Testing starts in a week or so.
A massive success! With the elimination of sight and the need for food, and with the amplification of hearing and touch, we've managed a total boost of 211% over our initial test subjects. Management has seen fit to give our division extra time to finish the project. And to think that we were sold this project for a lark! Man, I feel like dancing on air.
EDIT: Small incident today. One of the specimens was out of his pen, and had grabbed a couple of tools. We put him back in, and sealed it up again. Alan says he'll take another look at the doors tomorrow.
« SCP-038 | SCP-039 | SCP-040 »
Cite this page as:
"SCP-039" by Roget and Wilt, from the SCP Wiki. Source: http://www.scpwiki.com/scp-039. Licensed under CC-BY-SA.
For more information, see Licensing Guide.
Licensing Disclosures
Item #: SCP-040
Object Class: Euclid
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-040 is to be contained in a standard humanoid containment module within Bio-Research Area-12. The chamber is to be connected to an airborne tranquilizer dispersal system, to be activated in the event of SCP-040 manifesting its properties outside of testing environments. The chamber is to be observed by two supervisory personnel at all times. Recreational items such as toys, games, and art supplies may be provided to SCP-040 at the discretion of supervisory personnel.
As they have been determined to pose no possible threat, SCP-040-1a, SCP-040-1c, and SCP-040-1j have been approved to remain in the containment chamber with SCP-040 for purposes of the subject’s mental well-being. (Security Chief Special Order 392-5: ██/██/██). All other entities modified by SCP-040 are to be disposed of after recovery and study according to standard biological specimen clearance protocols, as outlined in Document CDP-BIO-EN-1. No outside organisms are to be brought into SCP-040’s presence beyond those used in testing procedures.
SCP-040 is to undergo daily school lessons and bi-weekly psychological review, overseen by Drs. Habernathy, Logan, and Izawa.
Description: SCP-040 is a Caucasian female of approximately eight years of age, standing one meter in height. SCP-040 bears numerous physical abnormalities: The subject’s skin is highly sensitive to light and easily damaged by physical contact, and the subject’s hair is a bright pink in coloration. This hair is brittle and falls out easily. The subject displays green/yellow heterochromia, with the sclera of the left eye black in coloration. SCP-040 has no sight in this eye.
SCP-040’s emotional state is within acceptable boundaries for an individual of its age group, accounting for the effects of prolonged containment and physical abnormalities. Subject’s intelligence is slightly above-average for its age group, and displayed behavior is generally cooperative. Of note is SCP-040's quick acclimatization to containment, believed to be resultant of its upbringing before recovery.
SCP-040 is capable of manipulating living matter, mutating and modifying existing organisms in order to create new ones, collectively referred to as SCP-040-1. This effect is at will, but requires significant focus and time to enact and becomes increasingly unreliable and inaccurate when manipulating details through small-scale modifications. SCP-040 is incapable of altering microscopic organisms, and has great difficulty in altering plant life. Dead organic matter may also be used, but must be used in conjunction with a living organism.
Instances of SCP-040-1 will not demonstrate pre-modification behavior: the majority will act similar to domesticated house pets, generally with extreme loyalty to SCP-040, regardless of prior association. The appearance of SCP-040-1 instances will vary: some instances will retain overall pre-modification form with some alteration, such as SCP-040’s apparent modification to itself, though the majority will bear no resemblance to their original appearances. SCP-040 appears incapable of manipulating instances of SCP-040-1 more than once.
Recovery Log: Subject was recovered on ██/██/20██ in [REDACTED]. SCP-040 was one of fifteen subjects taken into custody: further investigation found no anomalous properties in any other individuals. Amnestics were administered to detainees and the general populace, and coverup measures were enacted without further incident. Monitoring of the area is ongoing in order to detect any resurgence of ████████████ ██████.
Addendum-01: SCP-040 is currently allowed custody of the following SCP-040-1 instances.
• SCP-040-1a – A polymorphic symbiotic organism capable of changing size, shape, color, and texture in reaction to its environment. Subject serves as outer clothing, similar to a jacket or sweater, and absorbs nutrients from SCP-040’s bloodstream. Subject was recovered alongside SCP-040, and genetic testing reveals that the subject shares the majority of its genetic makeup with the common housecat (Felis catus).
• SCP-040-1c – A spherical organism capable of flight by means of rubbery bladders filled with helium. Entity has eleven limbs terminating in opposable digits, and a complex respiratory system capable of replicating a wide variety of musical patterns.
• SCP-040-1j – A quadrupedal organism covered in a thick coat of pink and blue fur. Entity has no eyes, a broad mouth with blunt teeth, and is capable of climbing up vertical surfaces. Occasionally used by SCP-040 as a mode of transportation
Addendum-02
Item #: SCP-042
Object Class: Safe
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-042 is currently housed within Minimum Security Paddock 12 at Bio-Research Area-32. Despite SCP-042's seeming disinclination to attempt escape at this point, security measures must still be maintained at all times. Previous attempts to maintain the health of the groundcover in Paddock 12 have failed to date. Despite regular watering, SCP-042's presence leaves the ground parched wherever it treads. As it has not been determined what happens to added water, the program of watering has been discontinued as unnecessary and potentially hazardous to the local water table. Monitoring of local well levels and sampling of the area's water is to be carried out on a weekly basis.
Personnel interacting with SCP-042, including any handlers, medical personnel, feeders, and custodial staff, must submit to a thorough search, including [DATA REDACTED], prior to entrance into Paddock 12. Any personnel attempting to smuggle a weapon, or an object which can be used as a weapon, is to be immediately [DATA REDACTED]. Personnel are to undergo psychological screening once per week after interacting in any way with SCP-042. Medical personnel examining the wounds on SCP-042's back are to be closely monitored at all times, lest they attempt to euthanize SCP-042.
Description: SCP-042 is an animal believed to be a member of the genus Equus. Its coat is white in color with some small brown spotting. It stands at 183 cm (18 hands) to its withers and weighs 710 kg. Its weight has dropped significantly since it has been in Foundation custody, due to both atrophy from lack of physical activity and refusal to eat. The liquid nutrient diet forcibly administered keeps it alive but it remains emaciated and weak. SCP-042 exhibits two large bone protrusions from its back, linked to powerful musculature (now atrophied) throughout its back. These bones end at 37 centimeters from the surface of its back, and they protrude from the skin at open, ragged wounds. To date, no healing has been observed of these wounds, though some clotting must be taking place for SCP-042 to have not bled out.
SCP-042 exhibits a listless demeanor and has been unresponsive to any attempt by skilled handlers to incite activity. If allowed to do so, SCP-042 will lay down on the ground immobile, not moving to eat, drink, or relieve itself. Pain-response conditioning has proved somewhat effective in getting SCP-042 to rise so that it can be cleaned, but eventually it will attempt to lay down again no matter the strength of the shock administered, even to the point of losing consciousness.
Researchers are divided as to SCP-042's level of intelligence. While some believe that it is simply an animal and no smarter than others of its genus, others have come to believe that it may in fact be sapient. It has been shown to make eye contact with persons entering Paddock 12, most of whom describe its looks as "pleading". SCP-042 has been involved in accidents on multiple occasions where it has been injured on pieces of equipment or its enclosure, which those arguing for intelligence believe to have been intentionally caused by SCP-042.
Addendum: A request was submitted by Dr. P██████ to transfer SCP-042 to Bio-Research Area-4 on █/██/19██, which was approved by O5-5. Dr. P██████ altered transportation documents to indicate that SCP-042 was to be airlifted rather than transported by armed convoy. During transit, Dr. P██████ overpowered the pilot of the transport aircraft and took the controls, plunging the craft into a steep dive. Passengers and cargo experienced nearly a minute of weightlessness before security personnel regained control of the aircraft and leveled off. As Dr. P██████ was being bound and the plane landed, SCP-042 broke free of containment and kicked two security personnel to death in the cargo area. Cargo bay security footage shows that after this point, SCP-042 approached Dr. P██████ and touched its muzzle to his face. Dr. P██████ exhibited signs of euphoria while contact was maintained, but when additional security personnel subdued SCP-042 with tranquilizer darts and contact was broken, he collapsed into a catatonic state from which he did not recover. After a hearing concerning his actions, Dr. P██████ was euthanized while under Foundation medical care on ██/██/19██.
« SCP-041 | SCP-042 | SCP-043 »
Item #: SCP-043
Object Class: Safe
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-043 requires no special containment, although it is recommended that SCP-043 not be used for purposes other than testing. A turntable is to be maintained in the same room for testing.
Description: SCP-043 appears to be a vinyl copy of "The White Album" by the Beatles; however, upon closer inspection, the record has no grooves. In spite of this, the record will play from start to finish regardless of the starting position of the needle.
When the twenty-ninth track is reached, instead of playing "Revolution 9", the disc stops spinning and faint breathing can be heard. Occasionally the entity responsible for the breathing will speak in a male voice. The entity will respond to questions and shows a profound encyclopedic knowledge of the music industry, musical theory, and obscure trivia about many bands and artists. However, the entity refuses to answer questions regarding The Beatles or its own personal details.
Inside the jacket, a small handwritten note was found, reading:
Limited Edition: 1/1
Thanks, John!
xxx
« SCP-042 | SCP-043 | SCP-044 »
Item #: SCP-044
Object Class: Safe
Special Containment Procedures: A constant stream of hydrogen ions, unbound oxygen atoms, and other trace free radicals emanate from the muzzle of SCP-044 at all times. Because of this, the docking stations of SCP-044 are to be well-ventilated to keep dangerous gases and moisture from accumulating. Muzzle coverings are to be fitted at all times to keep birds and small animals from investigating the large open barrel of SCP-044.
Addendum, ██/██/200█: As SCP-044 has not been involved in any significant incidents in the ██ years it has been held by the Foundation, SCP-044 has been reclassified as Safe.
Must I really define “significant incidents”? If containment procedures and standard safety protocols are followed, 44 appears to be no more dangerous than any other big ███████ gun. No, the Bear Incident does not count. –O5-██
Description: SCP-044 is a howitzer, secretly manufactured in the late stages of the Second World War by Krupp engineers, personally supervised by Albert Speer, German Minister of Armaments and War Production under Adolf Hitler. SCP-044 is unique not only because of its size (251,000 kg, or 251 metric tonnes), but also because it fires unconventional artillery using an atypical delivery method. Rather than having a breech for loading shells, the rear of the barrel is configured into a massive air-compression chamber. Any object or pile of objects that fits may be loaded into SCP-044’s muzzle to be used as ammunition. Because of its size, SCP-044 must remain rail-mounted and requires two freight locomotives to move.
Researchers believe that SCP-044 weakens molecular and atomic bonds in any material loaded into its muzzle. However, the method by which SCP-044 affects molecular bonds is not known, due primarily to the numerous complex mechanisms that compose the housing and workings of SCP-044. In fact, some mechanisms appear useless and seem to do nothing other than spin or make noise, even when SCP-044 is not supplied with power. Both equipment and personnel have been lost while exploring the inside of SCP-044’s barrel.
When SCP-044 is fired, all matter within its barrel is ejected at a high rate of speed as a glowing red slug, proportional in size to the amount of mass loaded into the muzzle. Upon striking a solid object or the ground, the slug explodes with a yield proportional to the mass of the original ammunition, at no less than a ███% mass-to-energy conversion rate. The yield will also increase somewhat the longer the slug remains in the barrel. The greatest known yield was achieved when 'The Administrator's' 8,900 kg (19,500 lb) personal diesel pickup truck was loaded in its entirety into the muzzle of SCP-044 and fired in the pictured "experiment."
« SCP-043 | SCP-044 | SCP-045 »
Cite this page as:
"SCP-044" by FritzWillie, from the SCP Wiki. Source: http://www.scpwiki.com/scp-044. Licensed under CC-BY-SA.
For more information, see Licensing Guide.
Licensing Disclosures
Item #: SCP-052
Object Class: Euclid
Special Containment Procedures: Although it is not possible to remove SCP-052 from the New York City subway system, its predictable behavior allows the Foundation to prevent the public from encountering it. The 59th St. A/B/C/D Station is to be closed to the public from 11pm-1am on Saturdays/Sundays under the pretext of “track maintenance.” During that time, the station is to be staffed with agents from Mobile Task Force Gamma-6. Agents have been ordered to prevent accidental public access to the station, and to capture anyone seen leaving SCP-052. Anyone who has been on SCP-052 must be transported to Site-21 for debriefing and processing. Members of the public who see SCP-052 may be released after the administration of a Class B amnestic.
Description: SCP-052 is a type R4 New York City subway train. Official records indicate this train was built in 1932 and decommissioned for scrap in 1975. Nevertheless, it continues to appear on the Uptown A/D track at the 59th St. and 8th Avenue station at 11:57 p.m. every Saturday. The train is in perfect condition and labeled as an “A” train. SCP-052 appears at the designated time, opens its doors to accept/discharge passengers for approximately five minutes, then closes its doors and disappears. It does not appear to ever contain passengers, except for those leaving the train during its appearance.
The majority of subjects that have boarded SCP-052 have not been recovered. Passengers leaving SCP-052 claim to have boarded on various dates, from 1976, up to 2204; the latter claims he thought SCP-052 was a 300th Anniversary Special train. Subjects retain no knowledge of time on board.
Addendum: Passengers leaving SCP-052 must be brought to Site-21 and interrogated to determine their origin and possible threat to the current timestream. Generally, passengers from the past may be given Class A amnestics and reintegrated into society. Passengers from the future must be held indefinitely (see order 69-A1 from O5-9). Site-21 currently holds 26 recovered passengers.
Despite our protocols to prevent public access, we are still receiving subjects from the future. Although some are from alternate timelines, it is possible SCP-052 will begin to appear at another time/place, requiring expanded containment.
The Foundation has placed several subjects onto the train, in an attempt to understand its activities when not visible.
Test 052-1: May 31, 2009. Agent ████ placed on train. Not recovered as of present date.
Test 052-2: June 6, 2009. Agent ████████ enters train. Not recovered, as he apparently returned to 1980 and was killed in a confrontation with [REDACTED].
Test 052-3: See notes on recovered passenger 052-4.
After Test 052-3, O5 Command issued orders that no further agents should be risked as passengers on SCP-052. Consideration has been given to using Class D Personnel in their place, but the risk of releasing them into the past is too great.
Log of Recovered Passengers in Foundation Custody
Item #: SCP-054
Object Class: Safe
Special Containment Procedures: Subject is held in a watertight isolation room outfitted with specialized climate control equipment. An ornate fountain filled with water stands in the center of the enclosure. Maintenance personnel are required to wear NBC suits while inside the containment area and must spend ten minutes in a special drying room after exiting. In the event of a breach, the surrounding area should be evacuated and the enclosure flushed with liquid nitrogen.
The fountain's chemical levels and volume are to be monitored and maintained. Spring water from ████████ should be used as SCP-054 is highly sensitive to hydrological conditions. SCP-054 has developed a mistrust for human males during its confinement; thus, assignment of female personnel is recommended.
Description: Out of the water, the subject most often appears as a female humanoid with a mean volume of 90 L comprised entirely of water (other forms are possible, commonly geometric shapes). When it enters a body of water, it becomes indistinguishable from its surroundings. The subject must periodically return to a body of water in order to maintain its volume due to evaporation. Initially found in ████████, it was moved to Site-08 for further study. Subject was initially curious about Foundation personnel and seemed to enjoy interacting with maintenance staff and researchers, and mimicking their forms. After a number of weeks, the creature apparently felt comfortable enough to remain out of the water during routine monitoring, though it retreated when attempts were made to study its composition.
SCP-054 is apparently composed of normal water, with no detectable differences compared to ordinary spring water from the same source. No thermal, electromagnetic, biological, or other phenomenon has ever been detected in its "body" that would suggest how it animates. Water lost by SCP-054 to evaporation exhibits no special properties when condensed.
Experiments with SCP-054 were halted following [DATA EXPUNGED] two researchers injured. After this incident containment protocols were updated. Subject thereafter exhibited signs of mistrust and aggression around male personnel (which made up the majority of the original research staff). Subject reclassified Euclid.
Partial transcripts, Audio Journal 054-A:
Item #: SCP-056
Object Class: Euclid
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-056 is to be kept in a room of its choosing, with whatever furnishings it expresses desire for. Level 1 personnel and above may interact with SCP-056 at any time they choose, for a time length not exceeding two hours. The subject is to be guarded by a minimum of three (3) security staff at all times, with shift changes every four hours. Each guard is to be armed with non-lethal tranquilizer pistols, loaded with no less than fifteen hundred (1500) microliters of cyclopyrrolone tranquilizer. Any irregularities in personnel and staff developed by extended exposure to SCP-056 will result in psychological examination and relocation to site [DATA EXPUNGED].
The subject is to be allowed access to any object it desires, with the exceptions of weapons, communication devices, an internet connection, and other SCP objects. It may wander in Research Sector ██ as it wills, but never allowed access to floors with exits. In the event of an emergency, or if SCP-056 becomes violent, it is to be subdued and contained within its room if possible. At no time should personnel attempt to harm SCP-056; see Addendum 2-b.
Description: SCP-056 is a being of variable size, gender, and appearance, which changes in response to the environment around it, especially in regards to living and sentient beings. Its most common form is of a handsome man in his middle twenties, dressed in a garb of similar appearance to that of the personnel guarding it but of a higher quality and aesthetic value. However, it has been recorded as taking these forms:
These changes will generally occur the moment all people in the area lose focus on the subject, which occurs immediately upon exposure to a new object or person (See Addendum 3). Filming these changes has proved inconsequential, as any viewing the tapes or feed suffer the same momentary confusion. Clothing will also change during this time, though 056 has yet to manifest any sort of tools or weapons.
It is theoretically impossible to view SCP-056's original or "natural" form. When left in an empty, concrete cell and under closed-loop video surveillance, it took on the form of a higher quality camera, and appeared to monitor the camera watching it. Further attempts to yield its natural form discovered that when alone, it had no readable life signs, including body temperature, heart beat, or weight. It is assumed by researchers that it could not exist without any sort of perception.
Personnel in contact with the subject often report feeling "jealous" or "unsatisfied", yet will often give a great deal of both positive and negative attention to SCP-056, which can be predicted by their personality types. Security staff will often claim that they wish to follow the subject's commands, even if they dislike it or its current form, while researchers in extended contact with it will often try to argue and verbally abuse it, which usually results in the subject sending them out in shame.
SCP-056 is quite capable of speech, and can apparently communicate in any language, verbal or not, and has shown fluency in over 200 dialects, including those invented by cryptographers and hobbyists. It frequently treats the staff around it with disdain, though is generally willing to do whatever is asked of it, so long as the inquiring does so in a submissive way. It expresses interest in magazines, fashion, automobiles, theoretical science, sports, and a multitude of other subjects, usually expressing greater knowledge and understanding of the topic than the person communicating with it. Personnel will generally become angry, disenchanted, or disgusted with SCP-056 after speaking with it for great lengths of time, though they will try to speak with it again if possible. When questioned about other SCPs, it showed fear and occasionally hatred, and refused to speak about any of them, even objects classified as Safe.
Additional: Subject was found to be working for the clothing design company [REDACTED], after an unusual number of homicides, suicides, and mental breakdowns of other models when working around SCP-056. When Class E personnel attempted to detain it, their mannerisms provoked it to change into what appeared to be the form of [DATA EXPUNGED] resulting in the deaths of seventeen (17) agents and ten (10) civilians. The incident was covered up by claiming an employee suffering from psychopathy brought a firearm to work and attacked other workers.
Addendum 1: Those with Level 4 or above clearance refer to document #956-0.
Document #956-0: Audio recording of first encounter with SCP-056
<Begin Tape>
Item #: SCP-058
Object Class: Keter
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-058 is to be kept in isolation in a 5 m by 5 m by 5 m containment chamber at all times. Walls are to be constructed of 3 m (10 ft) of reinforced heat-resistant steel, backed with a further 10 m (33 ft) of reinforced concrete. SCP-058 is to be fed a live cow every three days. Maintenance is to be conducted every sixty (60) minutes while SCP-058 is dormant and every fifteen (15) minutes when SCP-058 is active. Under no circumstances is SCP-058 to be allowed out of its containment area. SCP-058 is to be audio recorded at all times. No personnel are to listen to SCP-058 for more than thirty (30) minutes at a time. In case of escape, facility is to be considered compromised and detonation of on-site nuclear weaponry is to commence. To date, SCP-058 has been responsible for the death of at least one hundred and forty-nine (149) Class-D personnel and fourteen (14) Agents at its current site.
Description: SCP-058 resembles a bovine heart, with four (4) arthropod-like legs used primarily for movement, and four (4) tentacles of adjustable length, covered with razor sharp spines. It has a single sharp 'stinger' on its rear, where the hole for the superior vena cava would be in a typical organ. SCP-058's tentacles can be "whipped" to a distance of 3.2 m (10.5 ft) at speeds in excess of 320 km/h (200 mph). SCP-058 is extremely hostile and will use every opportunity afforded to it to inflict damage on its surroundings. SCP-058 has been shown to be highly resilient to trauma, and should be approached with caution even when apparently incapacitated.
SCP-058 is highly mobile and capable of rapid movement on both horizontal and vertical surfaces. It has been recorded reaching a speed of approximately 90 km/h (55 mph) in short bursts, covering distances up to 200 m (656 ft), and has the ability to accelerate from 0 to 90 km/h (55 mph) in less than two (2) seconds. It has been shown to use its tentacles for increased leverage and stability, as well as utilizing them to pull itself to other surfaces at high speeds.
SCP-058 'speaks' in a human voice, though no method of producing sound has been observed in its physiology. It speaks with vocal tone and accent of an elderly British male with a slight lisp and deep voice. SCP-058 talks constantly, regardless of conditions: even when attacking, SCP-058's voice and pace of speech are unchanged. The speech of SCP-058 lacks any detectable correlation to events, persons, or exterior locations involved with SCP-058 (see Transcript of Interview 058-04).
Notes:
Item #: SCP-066
Object Class: Safe-prodest Euclid-impetus
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-066 is to be kept in a safe-deposit box at Site 21. Personnel Level 2 or higher may perform experiments on SCP-066 after filing the relevant request forms. Researchers may log their results in Experiment Log 066-Beta.
SCP-066 is to be kept in a tungsten carbide box in Site 21’s high-value item storage facility. Once every month, this box must be manually inspected for damage to the interior;1 if damage is present, SCP-066 must be moved to a new box. This task is performed via a robotic arm capable of performing the task in under three seconds.
Description: SCP-066 is an amorphous mass of braided yarn and ribbon weighing approximately one kilogram. Strands of SCP-066 may be taken individually and manipulated; when this is done, a note on the diatonic scale (C-D-E-F-G-A-B) is produced by the object.
When a set of six or more notes are produced, SCP-066 will produce a benign effect of varying nature and duration. SCP-066 will not respond to manipulation while any effect produced by it is in progress. Prior to Incident 066-2, results have included:
Incident 066-2: On April 18, 2008, D-066-4437 was instructed to use a pair of scissors to remove a portion of SCP-066 for testing. However, when he began to cut it, SCP-066 rolled one meter away from him before stopping and making an unidentified squeaking sound. Before he could be provided with further instruction, D-066-4437 attempted to cut it again; SCP-066 rolled away and produced the phrase “Are you Eric?” in response. After D-066-4437 replied in the negative, SCP-066 morphed into its present state and began emitting loud, dissonant staccato notes until D-066-4437 was escorted from the room.
After Incident 066-2, SCP-066 began to exhibit behavior highly inconsistent with its previous properties. SCP-066 now displays significant mobility, primarily in the form of being able to move tentacular portions of itself at very high speed. While SCP-066 is either unable or unwilling to use this ability for transportation, it will occasionally attempt to damage its containment by rubbing its strands against the side of the box, gradually wearing it down. This process appears to be unusually effective for the materials in consideration.
Additionally, SCP-066 will automatically produce notes and effects in the presence of any human, regardless of whether that human interacts with SCP-066. This process takes a minimum of six seconds. In the aftermath of Incident 066-2, effects produced by SCP-066 have included:
When it is not producing anomalous effects, SCP-066 will say the name “Eric” constantly in a deep masculine voice.
« SCP-065 | SCP-066 | SCP-067 »
Item #: SCP-068
Object Class: Safe
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-068 is to be kept away from any metals in an electrically-resistant box, preferably made of polytetrafluoroethylene (teflon) and rubber. Said box is to be stored in security locker 26 at Site 11. Key is kept with Dr. █████. Any requests for testing are to be redirected to him.
Description: SCP-068 is a wire stick figure, 9.8 cm tall, made of an unknown metal. The figure is composed of a single wire looping back to the center. The wire itself appears to have been bent numerous times in multiple places.
When an electric current is introduced to SCP-068, it becomes animate, moving about on its own. SCP-068's "joints" are where a normal human being's would be. Once activated, SCP-068 begins to search for any metallic material. Once metal has been found, SCP-068 will begin to knead it and pull a thin strip of metal off. SCP-068 will then construct another figure similar to itself. The newly-created figure will begin to knead the remaining metal alongside the original, creating new figures, which in turn, produce more replicas.
SCP-068 will move onto its next stage after one of two requirements are met. The first is when there are no more metals in range with enough mass to produce another figure, the other is when an upper limit of 102 replicas are created. When either of these events occur, all figures will converge at one location and begin forming themselves into as big a figure as possible. With a maximum of 102 "mini-figures", the resulting figure reaches two meters in height. SCP-068 situates itself in the intersection of the torso, arms and head. Gamma, beta, and theta waves begin emanating from SCP-068 after this union. SCP-068 will then begin to search for metals again attempting to create more figures, only scaled up to whatever size 068 is currently at. These replicas do not emanate brain waves like 068 does. If 068 is not at the maximum size limit after this, it will continue to create and add more figures to itself until the limit is reached.
Once it has reached the second stage and there are no metals available from which to construct figures, SCP-068 returns to its dormant state after 4 minutes and 32 seconds of activity. Material surrounding the original figure must be melted away in order to retrieve 068.
SCP-068 is capable of kneading and manipulating any metal presented to it, regardless of properties. It also appears to be impervious to any attempts to damage or destroy it. Copies of SCP-068, however, have the same properties and vulnerabilities as whatever metal they were constructed from.
SCP-068 can detect metals hidden from view through an as-of-yet-unknown process. While 068 will not attempt to reach metals that are too difficult to get to, it will tear through anything that is soft enough for its limbs to penetrate. What it considers "soft enough" changes depending on what 068 is shaped from at the time.
Addendum 068-a: A proposal has been made to use SCP-068 to dispose of dangerous metal-based SCPs.
Addendum 068-b: Please see attached document 068-a
Document #068-a: The proposal to use 068 for disposal of dangerous metal-based SCPs has been denied. Seeing as how many, if not all, of our dangerous metal-based SCP's are also invincible, the only thing we would have is a bunch of invulnerable wire figures running about. Honestly, who even thought this up?
-Dr. █████
« SCP-067 | SCP-068 | SCP-069 »
Cite this page as:
"SCP-068" by Dr Wacey, from the SCP Wiki. Source: http://www.scpwiki.com/scp-068. Licensed under CC-BY-SA.
For more information, see Licensing Guide.
Licensing Disclosures
Item #: SCP-074
Object Class: Euclid
UPDATED FILE
Item #: SCP-075
Object Class: Euclid
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-075 is contained in a 1 m x 1 m x 1 m Level-4 corrosion-resistant container, which must be contained in a secure chamber with equal corrosion resistance. The absolute humidity of the chamber may not exceed 1% at any time. Medicinal-grade desiccants must be available at all times in order to maintain this level of humidity. If the humidity of SCP-075's chamber ever exceeds 1%, all personnel are to be evacuated immediately and the site will be locked down until the humidity is reduced to acceptable levels.
All personnel who enter SCP-075's containment chamber must wear MOPP Level 4 protection. Injection tests, as well as any test which involves an aqueous solution, are strictly forbidden. If any such solution comes into contact with SCP-075, the area will be immediately locked down and flooded with desiccant until the humidity is brought back to acceptable levels. Evacuation of personnel remaining in the area is prohibited.
Description: SCP-075 resembles a large snail 20 cm in length, 13 cm in width, and 15 cm in height, with a muscular foot resembling a six-fingered, clawed hand. SCP-075 is exceptionally heavy, with a mass of approximately 860 kg, a property that is not understood. Desiccation is the only known means of containing SCP-075, as it will enter a dormant state when nearly completely dry.
When not desiccated, SCP-075 moves at incredible speeds for its size and mass. It adopts the behavior of a predator, jumping at and drenching its prey in a highly caustic base solution secreted from pores on its foot. These secretions are more corrosive than any substance known to terrestrial science. Due to SCP-075's aggressive behavior when active, this compound cannot be harvested. No material completely resistant to its corrosive power has been found.
Addendum 075-F: Attempts to harvest SCP-075's secretions must be approved and supervised by all on-site Level 4 personnel. However, approval of said personnel cannot override the standing order to not introduce any liquid solution to SCP-075, including its own secretions.
Addendum 075-G: A cup of SCP-075's secretions was successfully harvested by using SCP-294. Testing is underway to determine what substances, if any, are immune to its corrosion. Testing is also underway to determine why the cup provided by SCP-294 is immune to the substance's effects.
« SCP-074 | SCP-075 | SCP-076 »
Cite this page as:
"SCP-075" by far2, from the SCP Wiki. Source: http://www.scpwiki.com/scp-075. Licensed under CC-BY-SA.
For more information, see Licensing Guide.
Licensing Disclosures
Item #: SCP-076
Object Class: Keter
Special Containment Procedures: Containment Area 25b is to be located 200 m below sea level, tunneled out of solid bedrock in a seismologically stable area. Sole access to the containment facility is to be through a vertical elevator shaft separated every fifty (50) meters with a reinforced blast door, constructed of 20 cm thick material shielding. Elevator shaft shall be flooded with seawater when not in use.
Containment Area 25b is to be constructed with the following components:
A security station located at the entrance to the killing corridor is to be staffed with no fewer than three (3) armed security personnel on watch at any one point in time. Armament is to include, but not be limited to, at least one (1) ███████ CIW system on a pintle mount with a clear line of sight down the corridor, with a plexiglass screen to protect the operator from thrown weapons.
In the event of a full breach, all on-site staff are to proceed immediately to the closest security station for weapons and armor distribution. Staff will remain at Alert Condition One until SCP-076-2 is confirmed neutralized. Should 90 minutes pass after declaration of full breach without a Stand Down order being given by Level 4 or higher personnel, Final Contingency Measures will be activated, flooding the entire facility in seawater and sealing off the access shaft for a minimum of 24 hours before retrieval is attempted. This will, by necessity, result in the deaths of all on-site staff.
Description: SCP-076 consists of two components: a stone cube (SCP-076-1) and a humanoid entity contained within (SCP-076-2).
SCP-076-1 is a 3 m cube made of black speckled metamorphic stone. All surfaces outside and within SCP-076-1 are covered in deeply engraved patterns corresponding to no known civilizations. Radioisotope analysis indicates that the object is approximately ten thousand (10,000) years old. A door is located on one side, sealed with a lock 0.5 m in width, surrounded by twenty (20) smaller locks in a circular pattern. As of yet, none of the keys have been found, making the door impossible to lock once closed.
Interior temperature is approximately 93 Kelvin, and cannot be altered by any means, internal or external. Directly in the center of the room is a 2.13 m tall stone coffin, held in place and sealed shut by several chains of unknown make and substance, which are attached to the inner corners of SCP-076-1.
SCP-076-2 resembles a lean Semitic human male in his late twenties. Hair is black, and eyes are gray, skin tone olive. Subject is 1.96 m in height and 81.65 kg in weight. Numerous tattoos depicting arcane and occult iconography are present all over the body (mostly in the form of leering demonic faces) and ranges from subtle to openly ostentatious. Subject, when encased inside SCP-076-1, is technically dead.
However, occasionally SCP-076-2 will awaken, effectively "reanimating", complete with all vital processes needed to sustain a living human being. Subject will then attempt to leave SCP-076-1. If successful, subject will enter a trance state and seek out the nearest human being, ignoring all other living things in the process. Upon coming into contact with living humans, SCP-076-2 will enter a rage state in which it attempts to engage and kill all human beings encountered. To date, only the subject's death has been shown to be effective in ending these rampages.
Terminating SCP-076-2 is often problematic due to its significant physical abilities. Subject has superhuman strength and speed, and although not invulnerable, has shown a remarkable ability to ignore pain and shock, pressing on despite what would be debilitating wounds in normal humans. Prior encounters have shown that SCP-076-2 has the ability to (among other things):
SCP-076-2 has effectively been killed several times in various manners:
Upon death, SCP-076-2's remains will putrefy rapidly, until reduced to dust. SCP-076-1 and the coffin within will then slam shut with great force, and the lock will rotate, sealing it shut. SCP-076-2 will then reform within the coffin, a process taking anywhere from six (6) hours to twenty-five (25) years.
What posthumous analysis of SCP-076-2 exists shows that it has a internal system highly different from our own, documented in [DATA EXPUNGED].
Additional: SCP-076 was found in ████████████, Mongolia, in 18██, by archaeologists from England. All members of the expedition were subsequently killed on the return voyage home. SCP-076 was recovered from the ship █████ ███████ by the ███████ Society (one of the organizations that later merged into the modern Global Occult Coalition) and placed on display in their Inner Sanctum.
SCP-076 remained in storage for ███████ (██) years, until SCP-076-2 became active and escaped on ██-██-████. The reason for SCP-076's activation is currently unknown, but it was at this point that the keys to the outer shell were lost. A massive manhunt, lasting over three (3) years and ████ ███████, took place until SCP-076-2 was incapacitated by ██████████ ███████, killing it and causing it to reform inside SCP-076-1, by then retrieved and secured by agents of the SCP Foundation.
Subject was in custody for three (3) more years, under constant supervision, and was terminated whenever it became active, although it occasionally was able to escape for short periods of time, often due to security breaches caused by attacks from other organizations. The Foundation's death toll due to this was [DATA EXPUNGED]
[DATA EXPUNGED]
[DATA EXPUNGED]
After the last incident, the current procedures regarding SCP-076 were implemented, although they are upgraded regularly with the increase in technological standards.
Addendum 076-2: "Project Able" and "Mobile Task Force Omega-7"
Item #: SCP-080
Object Class: Euclid
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-080 is to be contained in a 4 m x 4 m room with a smaller antechamber located on the south wall to provide researchers with access. On the north wall, an observation room is to be connected, overlooking the main room through a window with thick black-out curtains that release only when the door to the observation room is closed. No attempts should be made to remove SCP-080 from this enclosure at any time. No more than one (1) 7 W incandescent light bulb is to be illuminated in the main room at any time. Absolutely no devices capable of producing light should be brought into the room. Under no circumstances should anything be brought into SCP-080’s containment room that has the ability to shroud, conceal, or otherwise hide SCP-080. Failure to adhere to this will result in disciplinary action.
Description: It is unknown if SCP-080 has a physical mass or "body", as all attempts to interact with it physically have failed and have been met with adverse effects (see Experiment Log 080-2). Researchers and personnel have described seeing SCP-080 as various shadows and humanoid effigies, with the only common attribute being two smoking "eyes". It has come to the attention of researchers that SCP-080 induces uncontrollable drowsiness upon anyone entering its chamber. After approximately 30 minutes, any person observing it will be forced into REM sleep and may suffer irreversible psychological damage. This effect occurs even if SCP-080 is being observed from a separate room (see Incident-080-1). If at any time SCP-080 finds a way to "hide" itself (such as in a cupboard, under a bed, covered in a sheet, etc.), it will disappear entirely. Additionally, if any light enters SCP-080’s containment room with a greater luminance than that produced by a standard children’s night light, SCP-080 will instantly vanish. Both of these events are considered a containment breach and any personnel responsible for this will be severely reprimanded and possibly reassigned. For all inquiries regarding the origin of SCP-080 and its procurement by the Foundation, please see attached [REDACTED].
Addendum 080-A: On ██-██-20██, Dr. █████ and his immediate staff have begun complaining of increasingly stressful dreams. As he has had the most interaction with SCP-080 thus far, it has been theorized that SCP-080 is somehow capable of some type of memetic effect on nearby personnel, even if not being directly observed.
Addendum 080-B: As of ██-██-20██, following Dr. █████’s recent suicide, all personnel located in SCP-080’s sector are to keep "dream journals" and are to inform site psychologists if dreams became increasingly violent or nightmarish in nature.
Addendum 080-C: All staff are reminded that the black-out curtains in the observation room will not release if the door is not closed and that exposure time should not exceed thirty (30) minutes for any reason (see Incident 080-1).
Addendum 080-D: It has come to the attention of senior research staff that some researchers are unable to see SCP-080, and may be entirely immune to its effects. Any personnel that thinks they are incapable of perceiving SCP-080, please report to Dr. ███████ for mandatory testing.
Addendum 080-E: It has been suggested following Incident-080-1, that a class D personnel be "fed" to SCP-080 once per month in order to neutralize SCP-080's effect on the mental health of on-site personnel. (O5-█: Approved)
Incident 080-1:
Item #: SCP-083
Object Class: Euclid
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-083 is to be kept under constant video surveillance, with at least one Level 3 staff member on call at all times to respond to security breaches. Entrance to SCP-083 is permissible to Level 1 and 2 personnel with proper clearances, provided they wear a tracking device while inside.
Description: SCP-083 appears to be an uninhabited, two-story row house in a general state of disrepair, with an interior of approximately 366 square meters. It is located in the ██████████ block of ███████. The deed and property tax records for the address are missing after ██████. The last known persons to reside at the address were the ███████ family, but [DATA EXPUNGED]. Until acquisition by the Foundation, the property was the reputed "office" for local narcotics dealers who gained entry to the structure through a front window, since the locking mechanisms on both the front and back doors were corroded and frozen shut. SCP-083 first came to the Foundation's attention on ███████, when an altercation outside the building resulted in the front door being kicked in by [DATA EXPUNGED].
Those who entered through the door of SCP-083 (Group A) allegedly found themselves inside a fully-furnished and well-maintained home with functioning electricity and a fully-stocked kitchen whose appliances and decor appeared to be from the early 20th Century. Personnel who entered through the windows (Group B) described the interior as "dark and dilapidated," corresponding to the view through the windows. Personnel in Group A also reported that they couldn't see, hear, or find any members of Group B inside the house or of anyone else besides themselves. Group B observed that members of Group A seemed to "vanish into thin air" upon crossing the door's threshold.
Both groups inside the property not only described very different living conditions, but their descriptions didn't even correspond to the same floor plan. Their descriptions matched only in the relative position of the windows, since both groups saw the same street view. Personnel outside the house, however, reported only seeing members of Group B.
These observations were repeatedly tested and confirmed by staff, with the additional finding that the rear door of SCP-083 also leads to the "furnished" interior. Any non-conventional entry (i.e., windows, holes in the roof, down the chimney, etc), leads to the "dilapidated" interior, and persons inside the different interiors are unable to detect each other's presence, although they both register on standard spectral imaging equipment, so long as said equipment is outside SCP-083. It was also discovered that the furnished interior is not static. The floor plan of SCP-083 apparently changes, with a different layout and different numbers and kinds of rooms manifesting (see Document #083-A). No clear pattern or set interval has been observed in the rearrangement of the interior of SCP-083, but the phenomenon has never been directly observed or experienced by personnel while inside SCP-083 (see summary of experiment 083-03, listed as Document #083-C). So long as a human presence exists inside, the floor plan seems to remain stable. Although the "furnished" interior appears to be well-maintained, no inhabitants or custodians have ever been detected.
Addendum: It has been recommended that SCP-083 be evaluated as a possible autonomous object.
Document #083-A:
Item #: SCP-085
Object Class: Safe
Special Containment Procedures: [Revised on ██-██-████]. SCP-085 is to be contained in a single chalk-white bond drawing pad in a secure containment facility. Supervised contact with SCP-085 is unrestricted to all personnel with Level-2 access. All personnel coming into contact with SCP-085 are subject to searches and random psych analysis upon entering or leaving the containment area.
Absolutely no paper or canvas media are allowed to exit SCP-085's containment room: any paper trash must be disposed of by incineration after careful inspection. Paper and art supplies are to be brought in only by authorized personnel. In case of fire, flames are smothered using a rapid atmospheric-replacement and CO2-dumping system. Personnel are advised to quickly secure an oxygen mask and tank from the wall at the first sign of smoke or fire to prevent asphyxiation, as this procedure cannot be halted until all fires are suppressed.
Description: SCP-085 is the result of an experiment conducted between SCP-067 and SCP-914. Using SCP-067, Test Subject-1101F drew a single female figure, about 15 cm (6 in) in height and 3.8 cm (1.5 in) wide, in summer dress with long hair pulled back into a ponytail, with the name "Cassandra" written underneath. Dr. [EXPUNGED] proposed using SCP-914 on various settings on images created by SCP-067: Using the [Fine] setting, the 'Cassandra' sketch was transmuted into her present form: a sentient black-and white-animated young woman drawn in clean strokes. Further attempts to duplicate this result have been unsuccessful.
SCP-085 prefers to be called 'Cassy.' She is completely sentient and, as of ██-██-████, aware of her 2D form and her limitations in a three-dimensional world. Although her voice is inaudible, she has learned to communicate with SCP Foundation personnel through sign language and writing. SCP-085 may be communicated with by writing text on the paper she exists on. Personnel report that she is amicable and motivated, albeit lonely.
SCP-085 can interact with any drawn object on the same page as if it were real. For example, she is able to wear drawn clothing, drive sketched cars, and drink painted beverages. Except for animals and people, any drawn object becomes animated when in contact with SCP-085, but immediately ceases and holds position once out of contact. Artwork initially depicted as in motion such as ocean waves and swaying trees animate to an equilibrium state and stay at rest until acted upon by SCP-085.
SCP-085 has also demonstrated the ability to transfer from one sheet or image to another, as long as the two are flush. In the event SCP-085 enters a picture that does not support drawn objects (such as a repeating pattern), the picture is converted to a background image. SCP-085 perceives the picture as an endless plane of the image drawn upon it.
At the present time, SCP-085 can only exist upon paper or canvas surfaces: SCP-085 cannot transfer onto photos, cardboard, glass, or parchment. When entering other pieces of art, SCP-085 takes on the artistic style of her new environment (whether it be a comic book, an oil painting, watercolor, or charcoal sketching). Note: in comic form, her voice is visible as thought and voice bubbles around her head in typical comic fashion, and as she moves between panels the perspective and her relative size are altered appropriately.
Document #085-1: Introduction to several prints authored by M C Escher.
Researcher: Cassandra, this is known as "Ascending and Descending". What do you think?
(At this point, SCP-085 walks a few times around the staircase)
SCP-085: It's pretty, I guess. Would make a neat exercise track.
Researcher: You see nothing inconsistent with the staircase?
SCP-085: No, as far as I can tell it just loops around down/up all the time. Why don't more staircases do that? It's pretty neat.
After this session, SCP-085 requested several 'impossible' objects in her own environment. These requests are pending O5 review.
Document #085-2: Incident 085-A
Prior to ██-██-████, SCP-085 was unaware of its status as a 2-Dimensional object in a 3-Dimensional world: prior security protocols required that SCP-085 be kept unaware of its true nature in order to prevent psychological distress: discrepancies with the perceived "real world" were presented as dreams or nightmares, and an effort was made to present SCP-085 with a scenario in which it was the last surviving human in a post-apocalyptic world, searching for survivors.
The deception was quickly broken following an incident where an SCP Foundation researcher accidentally brought a hard copy of SCP-085's Special Containment Procedures Report into the containment facility and allowed it to contact the artifact's current location. SCP-085 transferred onto the document before the researcher could remove it, and was immediately made aware of its true nature.
Because of the containment breach, several researchers advocated immediate destruction of the artifact. The decision was appealed to the O5-Council, which, in a █ to █ decision, advocated for SCP-085's continued existence.
Since the revelation of her true nature, observers have noted that SCP-085 has begun to show signs of clinical depression. Psychotherapy has been proposed, but the nature of the artifact's state of existence may make it difficult.
Some success has been had by providing SCP-085 tangible means to distract herself from her condition. In addition to the aforementioned optical illusions, SCP-085 expressed particular interest in a set of technical drawings for a 1964 Ford Mustang Convertible, transferring the parts one by one to a more naturalistic artwork, then assembling the vehicle by hand over the period of a year—gasoline being provided through a Norman Rockwell print of a gas station attendant.
Requests for further diversions of this nature are pending O5-level review and approval.
« SCP-084 | SCP-085 | SCP-086 »
Cite this page as:
"SCP-085" by FritzWillie, from the SCP Wiki. Source: http://www.scpwiki.com/scp-085. Licensed under CC-BY-SA.
For more information, see Licensing Guide.
Licensing Disclosures
Item #: SCP-086
Object Class: Safe Euclid Safe
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-086 is contained within Office A-19, at Bio-Research Station 71. The secretarial post outside the door is to be staffed by 1 (one) armed guard. All components of SCP-086 are to be kept within 6 (six) meters of each other.
SCP-086-1 is to be kept on the office desk, with a single connection to the telephone at the secretary's post. All communications between SCP-086 and personnel are to be recorded, transcribed, and archived.
Every 6 (six) days, SCP-086-2 is to be used to sharpen 4 (four) standard commercially-purchased 16 (sixteen)-cm HB pencils, continuing until at least 95% (ninety-five) of the mass of each pencil has been converted into pencil shavings. SCP-086-2 is not to be emptied, even if personnel judge that it has become clogged; in such an eventuality, personnel are to wait 10 (ten) minutes, and then resume sharpening.
Every 7 (seven) days, SCP-086-3 is to be filled with a block of 200 (two hundred) standard commercially-purchased staples.
Every 20 (twenty) days, SCP-086-4 is to be filled with 15 (fifteen) sheets of standard commercially-purchased microfilm blank cellulose acetate film, produced onsite.
SCP-086-5 is to be drained of waste matter whenever it fills more than halfway; the waste matter is to be incinerated.
All reading material requested by SCP-086 must be approved by Site Command. All research proposals made by SCP-086 must be approved by two O5-level personnel.
Description: SCP-086 is a collective sessile organism whose component parts resemble items of office equipment from 1978, and which contains a consciousness claiming to be that of former Foundation administrator Dr. [REDACTED] (1907-1978). Its 8 (eight) components are: a rotary telephone (SCP-086-1), a wall-mounted pencil sharpener (SCP-086-2), a desk stapler (SCP-086-3), a microfiche reader (SCP-086-4), a water cooler (SCP-086-5), a filing cabinet (SCP-086-6), a scientific calculator (SCP-086-7), and a slide rule (SCP-086-8). No physical connection or electromagnetic transmission between any of these components has been detected.
Each component of SCP-086 is composed of biological material, contained within a carapace made of varying amounts of chitin, keratin, and calcium carbonate, as well as trace amounts of nylon, rayon, and polyester. DNA analysis reveals that the tissues contained within SCP-086 are partially of human origin, and [DATA EXPUNGED].
SCP-086-1 contains a large mass of neural tissue which functions as a brain, despite several conformational and anatomical irregularities; this brain hosts the majority of SCP-086's consciousness.
SCP-086-1 also contains an ear-equivalent (tympanum, ossicles, etc.) in the receiver's mouthpiece, allowing SCP-086 to hear. SCP-086 is able to speak (in an exact match of Dr. [REDACTED]'s voice and accent) via the earpiece, although radiological and ultrasound examination have not revealed any laryngeal structures. SCP-086-1 is also capable of ringing; however, SCP-086 has stated that ringing "gives (it) a headache"; consequently, the only circumstances under which it rings are when awakening from sleep (at which point it rings twice in rapid succession) and when in distress (at which point it rings "SOS" in Morse code).
SCP-086-2, -3, and -4 function as food-intake organs: SCP-086-2 consumes pencil shavings, SCP-086-3 consumes staples, and SCP-086-4 consumes microfilm. SCP-086-5 functions as a combination bladder-and-bowel equivalent, storing metabolic wastes.
SCP-086-6 contains several organs which appear to combine sensory and manipulatory functions; SCP-086 has proven capable of reading printed material and physically manipulating small items (for instance, turning pages and alphabetizing documents), when they are placed within SCP-086-6. At SCP-086's request, it is regularly provided with non-classified reading material and non-classified clerical work.
The biological functions of SCP-086-7 and -8 have not been determined; however, SCP-086 has stated that it experiences significant discomfort and confusion when they are removed from its vicinity, and it is therefore speculated that they have some role in its cognition. Although SCP-086-7 accepts input, its output seems to be random glyphs and LED 'noise'.
SCP-086 has demonstrated that it has full access to Dr. [REDACTED]'s memories, and all tests indicate a 100% match with pre-existing psychological profiles of Dr. [REDACTED]. However, SCP-086 has pointed out that there is no way to confirm that it actually thinks of itself as Dr. [REDACTED], and that it may be an alien intelligence expertly posing as Dr. [REDACTED], or a "sleeper" persona which sincerely believes itself to be Dr. [REDACTED].
Acquisition Log:
Item #: SCP-092
Object Class: Safe
Special Containment Procedures: The three thousand one hundred and twenty-five instances of SCP-092 are to be held in individual cases suitable for containing non-anomalous audio compact discs (CDs), and stored in standard inanimate-object lockers at Site-37. Each instance is to be individually numbered with permanent marker.
Testing of instances of SCP-092 is to be done in soundproof rooms. Only one instance of SCP-092 may be examined at a time. Only D-class personnel are to listen to previously-unexamined instances of SCP-092. Research proposals which involve non-D-class personnel listening to instances of SCP-092 require written approval from site command.
The cadaver of SCP-092-B is not currently considered anomalous except by association, and is preserved in the morgue freezer at Site-19.
Description: SCP-092 is a set of 3125 audio CDs, each labeled "The Absolute Absolute Absolute Absolute BEST of The 5th Dimension!!!!!", and marked with the names of the 31 performers who have at various times been part of the American singing group "The 5th Dimension". Each instance of SCP-092, when played in a standard CD player, will produce a distinct anomalous effect upon all individuals within hearing range. The anomalous phenomenon will last 74 minutes (the duration of a standard audio CD), during which time listeners will be unable to leave hearing range, or to shut off the CD player or otherwise interrupt its function. As well, when the anomalous phenomenon finishes, all surviving listeners will engage in synchronized vocalization of the phrase "Wow, that was real cool"; synchronized vocalization has been observed in non-anglophones, pre-verbal infants, unconscious individuals, paralyzed individuals, and individuals physically incapable of speech due to laryngeal, lingual, and/or buccal damage.
The anomalous properties of each instance of SCP-092 are thematically and conceptually linked to the number 5, dimensions, and/or the members of The 5th Dimension. As of ██/██/████, 871 instances of SCP-092 have been assessed and their anomalous properties formally described; see document 092-W83 for a full list, or below for a representative sample.
When an instance of SCP-092 is inserted into the CD drive of a personal computer, its files can be accessed without triggering the anomalous effects. Examination of the files indicates that each CD has different content; all content is audio material by or pertaining to The 5th Dimension and its individual members: in addition to all known commercially-released songs, files contain live performances, practice sessions, auditions, media interviews, and personal conversations.
Acquisition log
Item #: SCP-095
Object Class: Safe
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-095 is to be placed in a standard polyethylene sleeve when not under scheduled research and stored in a standard locked filing cabinet to prevent damage or wear. High-resolution digital scans are available for any Level 1 and above personnel who wish to view SCP-095.
Description: SCP-095 appears to be a set of three moderately aged black and white comic books printed in 1932. The front and rear covers are missing and several pages have been rendered illegible due to water damage. It was found by Agent ███████ in a small antique shop in Denver, Colorado, and purchased for a small fee without incident. The owner of the shop had apparently not read the item past the publisher’s date on the first page.
Forensic inspections of SCP-095 have revealed it to be genuine, though completely unremarkable save for its content. It is printed on cheap pulp paper and inked with dyes common to other publications of its era. The publisher’s stamp indicates it was produced by ‘Future Funnies’, a company operating out of the town of Purple Lake, Ohio. All research and inquiries thus far have shown both the company and the town to be completely nonexistent.
The comic itself is a pulp science fiction story entitled ‘The Atomic Adventures of Ronnie Ray-Gun’, featuring a lead character bearing an unmistakable resemblance to Former United States President Ronald Reagan. Each story opens with a large panel reading “In the Far-Fetched Future World of the 1980s, only Ronnie Ray-Gun can save the day.” It appears to follow an episodic format with one self-contained story per publication. The three stories are briefly described below.
This story pits Planetary Governor Ronnie Ray-Gun and his sidekick Space Major Herbert against the titular Space Admiral Carter as they both vie for the position of Space Marshall. The events loosely follow the events of the 1980 Presidential Election.
This story follows a character named Spaceman Hinckley as he prepares to assassinate Space Marshall Ray-Gun. He manages to catch Ray-Gun by surprise and wound him with his “Devastator Ray” before being subdued by Ray-Gun’s soldiers. The events obviously refer to the 1981 assassination attempt by John Hinckley, Jr.
This story follows Ray-Gun’s attempts to create an army of robots on the jungle-covered planet of Nica in order to protect it from the evil Sand Bandits. Although Ray-Gun is told that he will lose his command if he interferes with events on planet Nica, he sends his lieutenant, Space Colonel West, to secretly build a force under the cover of the jungle. When their plan is discovered, Space Colonel West publicly takes the blame and saves his superior. The storyline appears to be a simplified retelling of the Iran-Contra controversies of 1986.
Possibly most interesting is the final page of each book, which advertises other stories published by Future Funnies. Investigation is under way to locate any surviving copies at once. The advertised stories are listed below.
Personal Log of: Dr. █████████
Date: 10-06-2004
Item #: SCP-096
Object Class: Euclid
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-096 is to be contained in its cell, a 5 m x 5 m x 5 m airtight steel cube, at all times. Weekly checks for any cracks or holes are mandatory. There are to be absolutely no video surveillance or optical tools of any kind inside SCP-096's cell. Security personnel will use pre-installed pressure sensors and laser detectors to ensure SCP-096's presence inside the cell.
Any and all photos, video, or recordings of SCP-096's likeness are strictly forbidden without approval from Dr. ███ and O5-█.
Description: SCP-096 is a humanoid creature measuring approximately 2.38 meters in height. Subject shows very little muscle mass, with preliminary analysis of body mass suggesting mild malnutrition. Arms are grossly out of proportion with the rest of the subject's body, with an approximate length of 1.5 meters each. Skin is mostly devoid of pigmentation, with no sign of any body hair.
SCP-096's jaw can open to four (4) times the norm of an average human. Other facial features remain similar to an average human, with the exception of the eyes, which are also devoid of pigmentation. It is not yet known whether SCP-096 is blind or not. It shows no signs of any higher brain functions, and is not considered to be sapient.
SCP-096 is normally extremely docile, with pressure sensors inside its cell indicating it spends most of the day pacing by the eastern wall. However, when someone views SCP-096's face, whether it be directly, via video recording, or even a photograph, it will enter a stage of considerable emotional distress. SCP-096 will cover its face with its hands and begin screaming, crying, and babbling incoherently. Approximately one (1) to two (2) minutes after the first viewing, SCP-096 will begin running to the person who viewed its face (who will from this point on be referred to as SCP-096-1).
Documented speeds have varied from thirty-five (35) km/h to ███ km/h, and seems to depend on distance from SCP-096-1. At this point, no known material or method can impede SCP-096's progress. The actual position of SCP-096-1 does not seem to affect SCP-096's response; it seems to have an innate sense of SCP-096-1's location. Note: This reaction does not occur when viewing artistic depictions (see Document 096-1).
Upon arriving at SCP-096-1's location, SCP-096 will proceed to kill and [DATA EXPUNGED] SCP-096-1. 100% of cases have left no traces of SCP-096-1. SCP-096 will then sit down for several minutes before regaining its composure and becoming docile once again. It will then attempt to make its way back to its natural habitat, [DATA REDACTED]
Due to the possibility of a mass chain reaction, including breach of Foundation secrecy and large civilian loss of life, retrieval of subject should be considered Alpha priority.
Dr. ███ has also petitioned for immediate termination of SCP-096 (see Interview 096-1). Order is awaiting approval. Termination order has been approved, and is to be carried out by Dr. ███ on [DATA REDACTED]. See Incident-096-1-A.
Audio log from Interview 096-1:
Item #: SCP-098
Object Class: Safe
Special Containment Procedures: Members of SCP-098 are to be kept in a 10 m x 20 m room with small pools of water and a sandy substrate. Rocks and driftwood are to be left in a random arrangement for SCP-098 to nest in.
The enclosure is to be cleaned on a weekly basis. During this time, all members of SCP-098 are to be accounted for first, to prevent injury or death to personnel or SCP-098. Any members of SCP-098 that appear ill or injured are to be removed and examined.
Description: SCP-098 is a species of previously unknown crustacean. They resemble crabs, but rather than chelae, the front limbs terminate in knife-like structures that incorporate silica to form an extremely sharp edge. Specimens reach larger size than normal for land-dwelling arthropods, at 40 centimeters tall and as large as 60 centimeters across.
Specimens of SCP-098 prefer an environment with ready concealment and shallow pools of water. They are able to breathe both water and air, splitting their time between the two environments. They also are capable of vocalizations, using a larynx-like structure attached to primitive lungs.
SCP-098 demonstrates pack-hunting behavior when attacking prey. When specimens detect a prey animal, they will attempt to surround it. They will mimic the sounds made by the creature, apparently to confuse it or to draw it into position. When ready, one specimen will approach the prey animal. When its attention is fixed on the first specimen, others will move behind the prey and attempt to cut the tendons of the legs or other limbs. They will continue to mimic the sounds the prey animal makes to disorient it. After making a cut, a specimen of SCP-098 will spit a viscous mucus over the wound. This substance hardens rapidly, preventing blood loss or infection. This continues until the prey animal is completely immobilized.
At this point, specimens will begin to feed on the prey animal by cutting off small pieces of flesh. This begins with soft, readily accessible tissues, such as those of the face and extremities, before moving to other parts of the body. Specimens of SCP-098 will only feed so long as the prey animal is capable of respiration. Feeding can last several hours or several days, depending on the size of the prey animal and the number of specimens present.
Specimens of SCP-098 show some ability to communicate, alerting each other to the presence of threats or potential food over short distances. It was initially thought that SCP-098 might display human-level intelligence, but are now believed to merely parrot human speech.
SCP-098 normally poses little threat to adult humans, preferring smaller prey, such as dogs, cats, and small pigs. However, they have attacked larger prey when a sufficient number of specimens were present, or else other food was unavailable.
SCP-098 was discovered in ██████, Brazil, after a rash of child disappearances.
Addendum 098-1: SCP-098 is more intelligent than previously thought. They adapt quickly to changes in their environment, and have shown an ability to remember patterns (such as feeding and cleaning times, and habitual movement of personnel entering their enclosure). Cleaning personnel must ensure that they regularly vary their routes through the enclosure to prevent incidents. Dr. Mann has taught several of them simple tricks, and they seem to understand the meanings of several commands. Testing will continue.
« SCP-097 | SCP-098 | SCP-099 »
Cite this page as:
"SCP-098" by DrEverettMann, from the SCP Wiki. Source: http://www.scpwiki.com/scp-098. Licensed under CC-BY-SA.
For more information, see Licensing Guide.
Licensing Disclosures
Item #: SCP-100
Object Class: Euclid
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-100 is to have six (6) guards patrolling the interior of the perimeter's fencing, and two (2) guards dedicated to the monitoring of the interior and exterior of both warehouses and the residential building, with rotations to occur every three (3) hours. Any unauthorized personnel found within SCP-100 are to be detained for questioning, prior to amnestic administration and release.
Three (3) guards are to remain within the storefront of SCP-100, with rotations to occur every eight (8) hours. The storefront front entrance is to remain locked at all times, with keys provided to necessary personnel. 'Private Property' and 'No Trespassing' signs are to be posted on the front of the storefront to deter any drivers from stopping at SCP-100.
Any constructs SCP-100-1 creates are to be removed from SCP-100 and melted down into slag, with the exception of SCP-100-2-A and SCP-100-2-B. Should SCP-100-1 become uncooperative, SCP-100-2-A and SCP-100-2-B may be removed from SCP-100 until the time that SCP-100-1 becomes cooperative again.
The largest of the two (2) warehouses within SCP-100 has been converted into a basic research facility. All objects created by SCP-100-1, excluding SCP-100-2-A and SCP-100-2-B, may be used for research purposes. Testing on SCP-100-1 itself may only be conducted with written permission from the acting Head Researcher.
Description: SCP-100 is an abandoned scrapyard eighty (80) kilometers from █████████, South Carolina, known as "Jamaican Joe's Junkyard Jubilee". The scrapyard covers roughly five thousand (5,000) square meters of fenced-off land, consisting of two warehouses, a storefront, and a small residential building, as well as neglected land and land used for storage. SCP-100 holds roughly fifteen hundred (1,500) vehicles, both pressed and unpressed, as well as roughly fourteen hundred (1,400) kilograms of separate scrap, estimated to be worth $5,000 (€3,870).
SCP-100's anomalous effect manifests through SCP-100-1 and its constructs, including SCP-100-2-A and SCP-100-2-B. Autonomy is lost when SCP-100-1 or one of its objects cross the fenced perimeter of SCP-100, remaining in this state until reintroduction.
SCP-100-1 is an autonomous, sapient, humanoid construct consisting mostly of copper piping, uninsulated copper wiring, and aluminum cans. SCP-100-1 lacks the ability for written or verbal communication; however, it possesses the ability to communicate using rudimentary sign language. SCP-100-1 is largely uninterested in conversation outside of sales, and information gathered from it has been limited. SCP-100-1 appears to possess skill in craftsmanship, demonstrating the ability to operate tools such as arc welders, drills, and power saws, as well as heavy machinery such as car compressors and forklifts.
SCP-100-1 possesses the ability to create autonomous constructs similar to itself, using material available within SCP-100. SCP-100-1 tends to create four (4) specific animals - iguanas, crocodiles, turtles, and flamingos - however, SCP-100-1 has been known to craft other species, such as domestic pets. To maintain compliance, SCP-100-1 has been allowed to keep two (2) objects, labeled SCP-100-2-A and SCP-100-2-B.
SCP-100-2-A and SCP-100-2-B are constructs superficially resembling insects, assumed to be created by SCP-100, as they have occupied SCP-100 since the initial discovery of SCP-100. The names "Raymone" and "Beatrice" are welded into the backs of SCP-100-2-A and SCP-100-2-B, respectively. They appear to operate as both companions as well as guards for SCP-100, as they patrol the perimeter of SCP-100 except during intervals of interaction with SCP-100-1.
SCP-100-1 appears to follow a ritualistic schedule, repeating the same actions daily.
In the event that a human enters the storefront of SCP-100 during the interval of time SCP-100-1 is seated behind the counter, SCP-100-1 will attempt to bargain with them, using a variety of gestures to convey meaning. Most attempts by SCP-100-1 are to sell scrap, figures of its own creation, or repair services, however, it has been known to purchase scrap. Despite SCP-100-1's inability to read, it possesses the ability to perform basic mathematics, as demonstrated by sales.
Sales made by SCP-100-1 are typically met with some degree of unfairness. SCP-100-1 has been known to intentionally use faulty scales and contaminate scrap piles with cheaper metals and has demonstrated knowledge of the area of effect within SCP-100, as SCP-100-1 has sold constructs repeatedly, despite the loss of autonomy when exiting SCP-100. Efforts to confront SCP-100-1 about this have been met with both distress and indifference, with referral to a sign posted on the wall reading "No refunds, mon!" happening regardless of SCP-100-1's emotional response.
SCP-100 was discovered on 11/09/76, following reports of strange machines operating from within the scrapyard. These rumors were discredited as urban legends, and a Foundation agent was sent to SCP-100 to act as the landowner until containment was performed under the guise of property sale. A wooden privacy fence was built along the former perimeter of SCP-100, one-way windows were installed in the storefront, and a highway now running through the nearby town of █████████ redirects the majority of civilian traffic.
Addendum 100-A: Records show the property is owned by one "Joseph Duval", with the mailing address sharing the same name. Local utility companies report billing had stopped approximately three (3) months before the discovery of SCP-100, which was found abandoned save for SCP-100-1, SCP-100-2-A, SCP-100-2-B, and several avian and canine figures presumed to be made by SCP-100-1. The initial sweep of the buildings revealed the residential building to be mostly bare, with the only sign of former occupants being a note found taped to the door of the storefront. (see Document 100-A)
Incident 100-A: On 06/03/05, SCP-100-1 created a humanoid, autonomous construct ten (10) centimeters in height, the first time SCP-100-1 has done so. Significant effort was put into this construct compared to others, with greater detail applied to the construct, including facial features and "J.J." welded into the back of the construct, and stainless steel making up the majority of the construct. SCP-100-1 placed the construct on the counter of the storefront for the duration of this scheduled interval, both using vague gestures to seemingly communicate with one another. Following the confiscation of this construct, SCP-100-1 remained seated within the residential building of SCP-100 for a total of ten (10) days.
Document 100-A: The following is a copy of the note recovered upon discovery of SCP-100.
OUT 2 LUNCH, PLEASE SEE ASSISTANT –J.J.
« SCP-099 | SCP-100 | SCP-101 »
Cite this page as:
"SCP-100" by (user deleted), from the SCP Wiki. Source: http://www.scpwiki.com/scp-100. Licensed under CC-BY-SA.
For more information, see Licensing Guide.
Licensing Disclosures
Item #: SCP-105
Object Class: Safe
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-105 is implanted with a tracking device and is currently housed at Site-17. SCP-105 is currently allowed Class 3 (restricted) socialization privileges with approved site personnel, granted based on continued good behavior and cooperation with Foundation personnel.
SCP-105's personal camera (designated SCP-105-B) is contained in a locked safe-deposit box at Site-19's High Value Item Storage Facility. Standard positive-action defenses (explosive, chemical, biological, and memetic) are to be in place at all times while SCP-105-B is within containment.
SCP-105 and SCP-105-B or any other camera are only to be allowed to come into contact with approval of the current managing researcher.
Description: SCP-105 (formerly known as Iris Thompson) is a female human of European descent. Records indicate that SCP-105 was born in ████, making her ██ years old at the time of acquisition. She has blonde hair and blue eyes, and at the time of this article, is 1.54 meters in height and 50kg in weight. She does not appear to have any out-of-the-ordinary physical characteristics and appears to be, for all intents and purposes, a normal human being in good health.
SCP-105-B is a Polaroid One Step Express camera, manufactured in 1982. SCP-105-B does not appear to have any out-of-the-ordinary physical characteristics and appears to be, for all intents and purposes, a normal Polaroid camera, operating normally for all persons aside from SCP-105.
When SCP-105 holds a photograph taken by SCP-105-B, the photograph changes from a still image to that of a real-time image of the location in question. SCP-105 is also able to reach through the photograph and manipulate objects within reach of the original point at which the photograph was taken. Persons witnessing this manipulation report seeing a disembodied female hand (determined to be that of SCP-105) reaching out from an invisible portal and carrying out the actions indicated. SCP-105-B and the photographs taken by said camera have no unusual properties when used by any other person.
SCP-105 has demonstrated limited ability to manipulate objects through other photographs, but can only achieve fine control using photographs taken through SCP-105-B. So far, SCP-105 has only been able to significantly advance her ability by using photographs taken by SCP-105-B.
Appendix 1: Circumstances of Acquisition: SCP-105 was brought to the Foundation's attention shortly after the murder of her boyfriend. SCP-105 claimed to have been on the phone with the victim at the time of his murder, prompting her to hurry to his side; however, telephone records did not correspond to her story, making her suspect in the murder. SCP-105 informed her lawyer that she had, in fact, witnessed the murder through a photograph she had taken with her boyfriend several days prior. The attorney in question disregarded the story and recommended that the subject plead guilty. Subject refused to do so and subsequently told her story in court, offering to demonstrate her ability. This lead to Foundation contact.
Subject was immediately contained by the Foundation. Foundation Personnel retrieved SCP-105-B from SCP-105's home (replacing it with an identical model), and returned it to her. SCP-105's parents were informed that she was killed during the botched escape of another patient while both were in custody of the █████████ ██████ psychiatric care facility.
Appendix 2: Excerpt from Interview Log 105-08-4426, dated ██/██/████
Item #: SCP-106
Object Class: Keter
Special Containment Procedures:
Item #: SCP-108
Object Class: Safe
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-108 is contained entirely by Subject 108-1. Subject 108-1 should be contained in a standard containment cell measuring 3 m x 3 m furnished with whatever items are requested unless said items compromise security. Subject 108-1 is permitted to leave the room, wander freely, and eat in the main canteen. Medical examination to be performed on Subject-108-1 daily; filters to be changed as necessary.
Description: SCP-108 is accessible through the nostrils of Subject-108-1. Subject is an African-American female, 51 years old (see Addendum 108-1), who was previously employed as a cashier at █████ ██████ ███████, a small town hardware store in ████████████, Kentucky. Since █-██-████, SCP-108 has been housed at Site-17.
Endoscopic examination of SCP-108 reveals that the area accessible via the subject's nostrils is not the human nasal cavity, but rather a bunker system of Nazi German construction dedicated to the production and maintenance of WW2-era Messerschmitt Me 262 fighters. Exploration via robotic endoscope reveals that the bunker system has internal dimensions of approximately 2 km x 4 km, with the long axis parallel to the main entrance/exit portal. While the exploration is by no means complete, SCP-108 is believed to contain hundreds of airframes under construction on its assembly line as well as three completed aircraft. There is also a large quantity of human remains in the complex, particularly concentrated around the entry/exit portal, with the corpses of Nazi officials, military personnel, Hitler Youth, and civilians (possibly Ukrainian slave workers) in an advanced state of decay. Evidence of a firefight near the entry/exit portal supports the hypothesis that the German military personnel were swarmed by the civilians and were killed in the ensuing struggle. Some corpses show signs of cannibalism.
Robotic endoscopic exploration continues, and high discharge LED lighting (assembled piecemeal using the "ship in a bottle" technique) has been deployed. Endoscopic examination of the interior of SCP-108 reveals a large "hangar door" area with a kind of double airlock with blast doors large enough to admit two fully assembled fighters. A production line exists which would allow damaged fighters and deliveries to enter on one side of the hangar door, and finished fighters to exit on the other side. Turning the endoscope head 180 degrees reveals the open doorway as an area of total blackness with two nostril-shaped penetrations in it. One nostril-shaped penetration is connected to whichever nostril is admitting the endoscope, and the other is connected to the interior of a human nasal cavity. DNA testing reveals the nasal cavity belongs to the subject. The black area is impenetrable and absorbs all wavelengths of light that the endoscope can carry. The black area is elastic and yielding when probed.
Apparently the portal system is a unique three-way arrangement. If the outside world is designated A, the interior of the Me 262 factory is B and the subject's nasal cavity is C, then traffic is as follows:
Presumably in 1944 it was intended that C and A were to be the interior and exterior of a double hangar at Tempelhof based on the architecture of the hangar doors.
Addendum 108-1: Subject claims that she was training to perform the "Human Blockhead" magic trick in preparation for being a clown at a children's birthday party. After hammering a 4 cm long galvanized-iron nail into her nasal cavity, she lost her grip on the end and dropped it inside her nose. Immediately she noticed a "god awful musty stench" and experienced nausea and disorientation. Blowing her nose had no discernible effect, and left no residue on tissues. She was able to breathe normally through her nose. After about three days subject "got used to the 'hell's asshole smell'" and performed at the children's party to the delight of her nephew.
Approximately a week later, after ignoring numerous complaints about the smell of her breath, subject was diagnosed with pneumonia and placed on a course of Roxithromycin. Pneumonia responded to antibiotics, but recurred a week later. Her general practitioner also noted that nasal examination with an otoscope showed simply blackness, rather than the inside of the nose. After admission to hospital with chronic pneumonia, examination with a 1 m fiber-optic endoscope allowed the endoscope to be threaded in almost the full meter. The attending ENT noted that he appeared to be seeing a "Nazi Eagle badge" through the endoscope. Specialist examination notes were kept in a digital patient management system and intercepted by the Foundation in a routine ██████-████-██████-███-█████ sweep.
The subject was recovered without incident by Task Force Epsilon-9 disguised as High Risk Warrant Team officers in a pre-dawn raid in June of 19██. By the end of the cleanup operation the GP, ENT, 11 hospital personnel and two civilians were terminated. The subject was examined by Foundation staff and provided her with air-filtration units which could be passed through her nostrils piecemeal and assembled like a "ship in a bottle". The filtration filling must be removed on a regular basis when it gets expended (roughly once a week) as the subject is essentially inhaling the atmosphere of a formerly-sealed Nazi mass war grave.
Although initially hostile toward the Foundation, the subject has responded well to enhanced psychological conditioning protocols and now accepts her situation. A plan has been proposed in line with the "Backing up" of all critical Foundation data at Site-62 in SCP-108: Data could be written on to MicroSD cards or similar compact non-volatile media and inserted into the subject's nostrils, provided some way to house the subject in a safe location is assured in the event of an XK-class scenario. Research continues to find a way to move the entrance of the dimensional portal from the subject's nostrils to another location and to discover the physical location of the bunker to determine if alternative access is possible.
The original galvanized-iron nail has yet to be found.
« SCP-107 | SCP-108 | SCP-109 »
Cite this page as:
"SCP-108" by thekit, from the SCP Wiki. Source: http://www.scpwiki.com/scp-108. Licensed under CC-BY-SA.
For more information, see Licensing Guide.
Licensing Disclosures
Item #: SCP-110
Object Class: Euclid
Special Containment Procedures: The entrance to SCP-110 is to remain closed off at all times unless otherwise permitted by O5-█. The land covering SCP-110 (roughly 6 square kilometers) is to be developed into a suburban area that will not attract the attention of the general public. Any movement that SCP-110 might make is to be explained as "minute seismic activity". Further complaints are to be ignored.
Description: SCP-110 is an entire city that was found buried 0.5 kilometers underneath a large farm in [DATA EXPUNGED], New York. Survey Teams 2 and 3 concluded that the amount of surface area that the city is buried under covers approximately six (6) square kilometers. Numerous items of high interest have been discovered within SCP-110, and will henceforth be labeled as SCP-110-xx.
Known History of SCP-110
Item #: SCP-111
Object Class: Safe
Special Containment Procedures: All specimens of SCP-111 in captivity are housed at Site-19, ██████████ Wing, in a 5m x 5m x 5m plexiglass enclosure containing a temperate forest habitat transplanted from its natural surroundings. Habitat temperature will be maintained at 30° C. Feeding is to take place weekly by personnel placing three (3) kg of iceberg lettuce (Lactuca sativa) into the containment chamber. Water is to be supplied by an automatic misting system which regulates humidity levels at 50%, both for water required by SCP-111 and to prevent fires. In event of SCP-111 specimens breeding, personnel are to collect all eggs and transport them to the Biological Studies Wing for freezing.
Description: SCP-111 is an apparently artificial species of invertebrate vaguely resembling snails. Adult specimens of SCP-111 are approximately twenty (20) centimeters in length, twelve (12) centimeters in width, and fifteen (15) centimeters in height, although exact size differs slightly between specimens. SCP-111 specimens differ from ordinary snails in that they have a warm-blooded metabolism, complex eyes, small "horns" consisting of cartilage-ridged tentacles, apparently increased intelligence (personnel are requested to read Test Log ██████ for examples), and a complex vertebrate-type jaw structure; as well, specimens lay eggs possessing hardened shells.
Most abnormally, SCP-111 specimens possess small hollow sacs below their lower jaws containing methane from digestive by-products. A series of [DATA EXPUNGED] along the inside of the trachea serves as a "lighter" igniting stored methane as the specimen exhales, blowing a small jet of flame from its mouth. Said "fire-breathing" generally occurs in event of stress or anger, although is not apparently used deliberately for destruction but rather as a warning. This is presumably due to the limited size of methane sacs, which limits SCP-111 specimens in the amount of fire they can exhale at a time, and requiring both time and starch-rich food to refuel.
SCP-111's behavior is inconsistent with that of ordinary snail species, including whistling and hooting vocalizations easily audible to humans, high intellect seen in such tests as [DATA EXPUNGED], and parents caring for their young. Hatchlings have been observed imprinting on their parents, other members of their own species, or researchers. This is presumed to be a deliberate trait based on Document 111-a, as it means that hatchlings imprint upon owners.
History: On ██/██/████ a package containing twelve (12) SCP-111 eggs and Document 111-a was mailed to [DATA EXPUNGED], a Foundation front organization. Mobile Task Force Alpha-4 have proven unable to locate the sender of said package.
Document 111-a:
Item #: SCP-112
Object Class: Euclid
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-112 is contained within the abandoned "██████ ████████" amusement park, designated Site-███. Site-███ is to be staffed with a standard complement of twelve (12) armed guards dressed in designated Amusatastic Land garb, to prevent civilian interference. SCP-112's power supply is housed within a standard Foundation prefab building with two high-security door locks and a standard staff of six (6) security staff and one (1) operator. Since all other rides in Site-███ are intentionally disabled, civilian intervention is low.
As the anomalous properties of SCP-112 occur regardless of its condition, only mandatory maintenance work is to be done on SCP-112. This also ensures that local civilians treat SCP-112 and its surroundings as abandoned and ignored.
All tests involving SCP-112 must be conducted with a portable toilet nearby, as well as a small table with basic food and drink items.
Description: SCP-112 is a steel sit-down rollercoaster, formerly known as the "Blue Steelsurfer". Built in 19██, SCP-112 was marketed as the crown jewel of the "██████ ████████" amusement park. Initial testing of the ride resulted in extremely negative experiences from testing staff. When these reports became public knowledge, the financial repercussions of the "failure" of the Steelsurfer resulted in the parent company of the amusement park going bankrupt. The property was abandoned and undisturbed until 19██, when a local gang broke into the park and reactivated the improperly-disabled rides, SCP-112 included. When police attempted to arrest the members who were exiting SCP-112 after its 'inaugural' ride, the riders began to [REDACTED], attracting local media attention. (For more information, see Archive.112.████). Suspecting the ride had traits within its mandate, the Foundation purchased the park (under the auspices of rebuilding the park as Amusatastic Land) in order to test any potential anomalous properties from the ride.
When SCP-112 is started, the ride functions as expected until Point Alpha, its primary drop. When a car reaches Point Alpha, the train vanishes. After 3 minutes (the estimated time the train would normally take), the train rematerializes at Point Omega (3 m from the coaster's starting point)
Human subjects riding SCP-112 have a drastically different experience compared to outside observation. The time-frame between Point Alpha and Point Omega is massively extended, with subjective ride times ranging from 4 minutes to █ months. The properties of the ride also vary from person to person. Most subjects report elements on the ride that do not exist on the ride proper, like batwings, cobra rolls, and inclined loops. Subjects do not have any sense that the rest of the world is alien or otherwise different; only the ride experience is different.
Upon exiting the ride, subjects typically experience feelings of confusion and ill health, depending on the subjective time they spent riding SCP-112. These feelings are based not on any physical maladies but the subjective experience of dealing with a physical malady for an extended period of time. For example, a subject with a subjective ride time of three days may experience confusion that he had strong feelings of hunger for most of his ride, but at the end of the ride he was not hungry at all.
Addendum-A: Assorted Experiments:
Experiment 11234534
Item #: SCP-116
Object Class: Euclid
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-116 is kept in a 16 by 16 meter cell, constructed of Kevlar, with 1 meter porous rubber padding on all surfaces. No personnel are to enter cell without proper briefing and threat-reduction measures (see Appendix III). Cell is to be monitored at all times by 6 agents, 4 stationed at corner points of cell and 2 stationed with SCP-116. No pointed objects or intrusive testing equipment of any kind are to be placed in the possession of the agents within the cell. Outside monitoring is achieved using VBS05 class concealed button cameras stationed at high corners in the cell. Outside monitoring is to be carried out by a further 2 agents. If suspicious activity begins, initialize Achilles procedure ∆. All monitoring agents, internal or external, are to undergo bi-monthly IQ tests as well as standard weekly psychiatric analysis. Significant drops in the IQ of agents (≥ 5 pts.) is to be regarded as prolonged exposure and to be treated as outlined in standard Quarantine instructions.
Description: SCP-116 has the outward appearance of a Caucasian male of around 9 years of age. Skin is cauterized and scarred over 98% of body, limbs, and head. SCP-116’s bone structure is drastically different from standard Homo sapiens bone layout, and all bones are dangerously brittle. The most distinguishing difference between the human body and that of SCP-116 is the non-existence of joints in the latter. SCP-116 is entirely capable of independent movement, but to do so would cause multiple shattering breaks to all bones affected by said movement. To combat this, SCP-116 shows remarkable self-healing, and over a period of minutes can completely regenerate its rigid bone placement. SCP-116 has shown some language skill since acquisition; however, the only language it speaks is a disrupted and broken version of English in which every word has been replaced with an almost entirely unconnected one. Prolonged attempts to make sense of SCP-116’s speech have resulted in some long-term mental degradation in researchers. There seems to be no pattern to the word replacement, and attempts continue to translate it. Research suggests that SCP-116 may be capable of low level telepathy, which deteriorates the victim’s brain functions over a long period of time.
Appendix I:
Item #: SCP-118
Object Class: Euclid
Special Containment Procedures: Due to the number and distribution of SCP-118, containment of every specimen is impossible. Known SCP-118 Red Zones are to be closed off to all civilian marine vessels and divers under the guise of a military presence or other plausible cover story. Contacts in navies known to operate near SCP-118 Red Zones are to be utilized in order to minimize the passage of military vessels through the Red Zones. If any area within the Red Zone has a depth of less than 1500 meters, the restriction is to be applied to aircraft as well. All human activity in surrounding Yellow Zones is to be monitored, and any non-military vessels or individuals approaching the Red Zone are to be turned away. In the Red and Yellow Zones, protocol TOXIC HARVEST is to be followed to ensure the removal of devices generated by SCP-118. Furthermore, protocol CELL WATCH is to be followed to ensure the early detection of any emerging Red Zones.
Samples of SCP-118 can be stored using standard containment procedures for non-virulent anomalous microbes.
Description: SCP-118 is a species of ocean-dwelling protista that is capable of assembling functional, self initiating, nuclear devices from materials present in ocean water. While SCP-118 is unknown and hence has not been classified by the scientific community, specimens resemble protists of the phylum Euglenophyta but have significantly increased levels of movement speed, nutrient storage capability and resistance to alpha radiation. Specimens of SCP-118 have been found in all of the world's oceans and seas.
When in a survivable salt water environment, specimens of SCP-118 will seek out materials including but not limited to iron, silver, copper, carbon, TNT, and uranium isotopes. When SCP-118 has located a material of interest the material is absorbed into the cell using a method dependent on the size of the material. Single atoms and molecules (mostly substances that are dissolved in the water) are passed through the cellular membrane through specialized protein pumps. Larger particles smaller than the cell itself are ingested through phagocytosis. Larger pieces will have particles torn off through an unknown mechanism, which are then absorbed using the first two methods. This "mining" occurs even in solid and hard substances, such as metal ingots.
Upon reaching a threshold of absorbed materials, specimens of SCP-118 will move towards an "assembly area" on the bottom of the body of the water they are present in and will contribute to the assembly of a nuclear device. The nuclear devices assembled are gun-type fission devices using Uranium-235 as their fissile material. Observation of devices in the process of being assembled show that the process starts with the assembly of a metallic rounded cylindrical casing for the device, followed by the creation of two sub-critical masses of uranium and the conventional explosives to propel them into each other. The mechanism by which SCP-118 enriches harvested uranium is currently unknown. (See Addendum 4). The device is then finished with the assembly of a Uranium-238 tamper where the two uranium masses will collide and the assembly of a trigger mechanism. SCP-118 appears to assemble the necessary components by adding minuscule amounts of material to an (initially) tiny material "seed". Differing atoms and molecules can be added to the same component and assembled components are not necessarily homogeneous. It is currently unknown whether SCP-118 builds on the seed atom by atom or by adding very small sub-micrometer fragments. The mechanism by which SCP-118 attaches new material to the seed seamlessly is unknown. The assembly time depends on the size of the device being assembled, water conditions and mineral availability but observations suggest that 300 days for a medium size device can be considered average.
Once a nuclear device is finished SCP-118 will detonate the device by completing a circuit in the trigger mechanism. Around 90% of the nuclear explosions recorded as a result of SCP-118 have had yields in the 20 to 35 kiloton range, although yields as low as 4 kilotons and up to ███ kilotons have been reported. Aside from cases involving human interference, failure to detonate has never been observed, as all nuclear devices recorded have either been detonated of their own accord or removed from the water prior to completion. Devices constructed by SCP-118 appear to be larger than man-made devices of similar design and yield, presumably due to the neutron moderating effect of the water that separates the uranium masses throughout much of the device's construction. A given assembly area typically has between one and three devices in the process of assembly at any given time, although as many as six at a time has been observed. In zones where multiple devices are being simultaneously assembled, the devices are separated by enough distance to prevent the detonation of one from destroying or setting off the other(s).
While the Foundation is unable to prevent civilians and other organizations from obtaining samples of SCP-118, its superficial similarity to existing species, few numbers (relative to all oceanic protista), lack of anomalous behavior outside material rich bodies of water, and the Foundation's standard monitoring of scientific studies at risk of uncovering information about anomalous biological species ensures that the chance of SCP-118's true nature being determined through cell samples is minimal.
There are currently six different active SCP-118 assembly areas known to the Foundation. While the natural disappearance of an assembly area has been observed, the current consensus among researchers assigned to SCP-118 is that elimination of assembly areas without massively noticeable effects is currently unfeasible (See Experiment Log 118 - Gamma for details). Thus, containment is to be established at SCP-118's assembly areas, to be designated "Red Zones", and surrounding "Yellow Zones". Furthermore, areas with elevated concentrations of SCP-118, "Zones of Interest", are to be monitored for signs of assembly areas.
Red Zones:
Item #: SCP-120
Object Class: Safe
Special Containment Procedures: Due to its importance to the Foundation, SCP-120 is to be kept under video surveillance and armed guard at all times. Any personnel attempting to utilize the item without authorisation are to be terminated immediately. All personnel wishing to use the item are required to submit a filled copy of the application form (Document #120-23) to facility operators.
Due to the precise timing and coordination required for efficient use of this object in an emergency, all personnel entering SCP-120’s building are placed under temporary command of the facility heads Captain ████████ (Security Detachment) (L4) and Doctor █████████ (Research Team) (L4).
All destination locations are to be kept under surveillance and armed guard. They are valuable to the Foundation but are non-critical, but any compromised destination must be immediately reported to SCP-120 personnel.
Distributed Task Force Sigma-6 (“Puddlejumpers”) was created with the objective of protecting and maintaining SCP-120’s facility and location outposts. It consists of 1 command unit and 1 defense and maintenance unit based at the SCP-120 facility at Command-██; 5 units based at the destination locations, plus 5 reserve units for these; and 5 units assigned to other SCP-120 related projects.
Description: SCP-120 appears to be a small child’s paddling pool, pastel pink in colouration, with an inner diameter of approximately 2.5 metres and inner height of 0.3 metres. The pool appears to have been fabricated from common Earth plastics but has shown itself to be indestructible by any attempted means (see research report #120-32 for a full summary). The pool’s structure and response to pressure are typical for such a pool (it will flex when pressure is applied and is soft to the touch) but has amazing tensile strength and cannot be permanently stretched or ripped.
What is contained within the pool seems to be a brightly glowing, coloured, liquid-like substance, which seems to exist only partially in our dimension. It is unresponsive to manipulation by organic or inorganic means, but the substance ripples and shimmers systematically and regularly, suggesting it exists physically on another dimension.
SCP-120’s most interesting and useful property is used regularly by Foundation personnel. Human beings, when alive and carrying loads (including clothing) under 37.8 kilograms, are observed to fall through the pool, and are deposited at one of 11 destinations. These will be detailed in an addendum.
The item will only function in this way if certain conditions are met: the subject must be genetically human; the subject must be conscious; the subject must be carrying weights of under the specified amount; and only one subject must be present on the surface. Test subjects attempting to use SCP-120 while these conditions were not met reported their feet making contact with a smooth surface underneath the liquid but no significant effects were observed.
SCP-120’s main use is as a potential means of evacuation for Command-██ during a major emergency. It is currently stored and maintained in a fortified outbuilding of this facility. To inspect evacuation procedures, refer to document #120-22.
SCP-120 was first brought to the attention of Foundation authorities on 31/08/1992. Local police authorities in █████, California, were investigating reports of missing children in their jurisdiction, and discovered and reported the item on 31/08. Overwatch Command was automatically informed through the usual channels, and a small team of Foundation agents was dispatched to claim and transport the item to Site-19, where it remained for testing over the next 2 years.
It was transferred to its present location at Command-██ in 1994.
Addendum:
Item #: SCP-122
Object Class: Keter
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-122 is to be stored in a standard containment chamber, containing a single electrical outlet. No personnel dormitories are to be constructed within 500 m of the containment area. At no time should SCP-122 enter an unpowered state. Several redundant power systems are to be maintained and inspected regularly. In the event of SCP-122-1 manifestation, 35 members of site personnel assigned to enact containment are to be deployed outside the containment chamber. If it becomes hostile, Procedure-99-Renmar is to be enacted. Due to the potentially disastrous side effects in the event of cross contamination, at no point are SCP-122 and instances of SCP-3060 to be stored at the same facility.
To enact Procedure-99-Renmar, all subjects are to assume specific positions in and around the containment chamber, in order to prevent a containment breach. Two subjects are to man a portable generator with which the equipment used in Procedure-99-Renmar is powered. Three subjects are to be equipped with chemical irritants created as a by-product of SCP-1837, which has been found to have a inhibitory effect on SCP-122-1 instances.
After all instances of SCP-122-1 have been reduced to the point where entry is safe, five subjects are to enter the containment chamber, and use an electrical extension cord from the generator to return SCP-122 to a powered state. These personnel are to be considered irrecoverable after entering SCP-122's containment chamber, due to its effect.
The remaining personnel are redundant; they will take the place of any incapacitated personnel.
Description: SCP-122 is a children’s nightlight in the design of a stylized shooting star. When it is in a powered state, SCP-122 lets off between 14-20 lx. No manufacturers mark is present on or within SCP-122's components.
When in an unpowered state, SCP-122 will affect all subjects within a 500 m radius of its location. When the subjects enter REM sleep, they will move into a comatose state in which they will remain until SCP-122 is resupplied with power. While comatose, humanoid figures appearing to be composed of a black, slightly translucent mass will appear from any shadows around the subject. These figures are hereafter known as instances of SCP-122-1.
Instances of SCP-122-1 exhibit signs of sapience and sentience, with physical abilities roughly equivalent to the affected subjects. They will attempt to locate as many human subjects as possible, and expose them to SCP-122's effect. As more subjects are affected by SCP-122, its radius of effect will expand, with the maximum range seen in testing being over 2.7 kilometers. The SCP-122-1 instances will attempt to gather all sleep aids within the area of effect and apply them to the subjects. These objects have included:
When in a powered state, SCP-122 will affect the sleep patterns of all subjects within its radius. If a subject awakens from a state of REM sleep while within SCP-122's radius, they will display signs of insomnia, and will complain of unusual dreams1. These dreams have been found to cause minor psychological disturbances, and all personnel should be given weekly psychological evaluations. See Incident 122-1.
SCP-122 was discovered within the Linnell Children’s Hospital on ██/██/███, after several reports of SCP-122-1 manifestations reached locally embedded agents. When the area was investigated, it was found that all subjects within the building had been affected by SCP-122. Recovered documents indicate that a patient brought SCP-122 when being admitted. However, no record of the patient's identity has been found. Agents secured SCP-122 with a portable power source, and it was transported to Site-19.
Addendum 122-B: SCP-122 reclassified to Keter following Incident 122-1. Moved to Armed Reliquary Containment Area-02.
Incident 122-1: On ██/██/███, 11 instances of SCP-122-1 breached containment, causing the death of over █ members of site personnel and ██ casualties. Following re-containment operations, SCP-122's containment procedures were put under review. During this review, security footage of several maintenance personnel tampering with SCP-122's chamber-lock was discovered. When questioned, the subjects claimed that they had done so under duress, saying that a "canary" was not allowing them to sleep until they released SCP-122. Affected subjects were given Class-A amnestics, and containment procedures were revised. Upgrade to Keter requested.
« SCP-121 | SCP-122 | SCP-123 »
Cite this page as:
"SCP-122" by Dr Kondraki, from the SCP Wiki. Source: http://www.scpwiki.com/scp-122. Licensed under CC-BY-SA.
For more information, see Licensing Guide.
Licensing Disclosures
Item #: SCP-124
Object Class: Euclid
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-124 is to be kept in a 4.2 m x 2.1 m stone pit in its containment cell. The pit is to be 1.5 metres deep. A plastic tarp is to be placed over SCP-124 when not in use. Absolutely no biological matter is allowed within one metre of SCP-124 when not being studied. An armed guard is to be stationed outside SCP-124's cell at all times.
Description: SCP-124 is a plot of soil approximately 9 m2 in area and 14 m3 in size. It was recovered from a Detroit basement when authorities were notified of two teenagers growing large amounts of marijuana.
SCP-124 has the ability to grow any biological organism to its full potential in a relatively short amount of time (the length varies according to the complexity of the organism). Nothing growing in SCP-124 requires external nutrients or other resources (for example, a tomato plant would not require water or light). Pesticides, too, aren't needed, as SCP-124 has a repellent effect on any insect or other invertebrates not growing in it. Any food grown in SCP-124 is reported to be of very high quality, taste, and nutrition, no matter what state the food was in before being planted in SCP-124.
Document 124-1: List of items grown in SCP-124
Item #: SCP-127
Object Class: Safe
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-127 is considered no more dangerous than a normal firearm of its type. However, due to its extraordinary properties, it is to be held in Weapons Locker 7-C when not in use and suspended in water rich in calcium and protein. At this time, only the research team assigned to SCP-127 has clearance to access it.
Description: SCP-127, upon first glance, appears to be a standard MP5K submachine gun. Tests have revealed that aside from the outer steel shell, the entirety of the firearm is organic and alive. The weapon's ammunition initially appeared to be human-like teeth. However, DNA testing of the "bullets" resulted in no match to any known species on Earth.
SCP-127 features two settings: semi-automatic and fully automatic (an audible groan can be heard when switching between the two). Upon depleting the weapon's "magazine" (typically 60 shots), it takes between 3-5 days to regrow a new supply of ammunition. Attempts to remove the magazine have resulted in failure—it seems to be permanently attached to the weapon.
SCP-127 does not seem capable of reproduction at this time (scans have shown no apparent reproductive organs) and requires no sustenance beyond water, calcium, and protein.
SCP-127 was originally located in the house of a Mr. James █████████████. Mr. █████████████ was found dead from a heart attack on the night of November 17, 1991. Coroner's reports state that Mr. █████████████ died sometime in the morning of November 8th, but was not noticed missing until more than a week later. No complications or unusual circumstances were found to lead to his death. Due to his extensive gun collection, the ATF and FBI were notified to collect his weapons. SCP-127 was discovered during testing and cataloging, and was promptly collected by SCP Agents.
Addendum: Reclassified as Safe ██/██/199█.
« SCP-126 | SCP-127 | SCP-128 »
Cite this page as:
"SCP-127" by far2, from the SCP Wiki. Source: http://www.scpwiki.com/scp-127. Licensed under CC-BY-SA.
For more information, see Licensing Guide.
Licensing Disclosures
Item #: SCP-128
Object Class: Euclid
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-128 is to be held in a windowless containment chamber with blast-proof doors and walls and a ventilation system that maintains Class 100 cleanroom conditions inside. The interior of the containment chamber is to be monitored remotely by cameras welded in place with protective grating. The speakers and laser monitoring system must be similarly welded into place and protected with grating. The entry to SCP-128's containment chamber must include an antechamber with a second locked door that cannot be viewed from the chamber door.
Personnel entering the test chamber for any reason must wear ballistic armor and must not bring any loose item inside the chamber. All required equipment must be rigidly mounted to the armor. Interference with the laser monitoring system or the central wheel is forbidden unless required for maintenance.
In the center of the containment chamber, a wheel must be mounted to a concrete pedestal and allowed to spin freely. Should the wheel be measured to spin at less than 4,000 rpm at any time, all personnel are required to evacuate the containment chamber and foam nozzles will be deployed.
SCP-128 is to be kept in a chamber measuring at least 10 m x 10 m x 5 m with walls and door armored in 5 cm steel plate. All personnel who enter the containment room must wear full suits of heavy body armor, including ballistic plates. All loose objects of mass greater than 5 kg are strictly prohibited. Clothing and related items are generally considered safe, as the entity appears to be incapable of distinguishing these from their wearers. Writing utensils, loose change, and other trinkets present considerable hazards to personnel and should therefore be used sparingly never enter the containment chamber.
All items are to be cleared from room via suction before any personnel will be permitted to enter. Once personnel have exited, SCP-128 is to be given small objects, both to study its behavior and to alleviate boredom (if applicable). In the event of escape, the surrounding area will be evacuated and locked down, possibly followed by attempts to herd SCP-128 back into its enclosure. Past experience suggests that the latter is unnecessary, as the entity has shown no apparent desire to vacate the premises and will eventually return of its own accord.
Description: SCP-128 is an immaterial source of kinetic energy which can be conferred upon any nonliving solid material within line of sight of the source. The source itself is motile, with a tendency to remain along the walls or at the central wheel of the containment chamber. The line of sight is blocked by any opaque material, including lead, steel, or even single sheets of paper, but not transparent materials such as ballistic glass. Opaque radiolucent materials will contain SCP-128's range of effect, suggesting that transmission of energy occurs at visible light wavelengths, but darkness does not prevent transmission of kinetic energy.
Any loose nonliving materials within line of sight of SCP-128 are at risk of anomalous propulsion to hazardous velocities. Items under 100 g in mass have been observed to accelerate to velocities of up to 900 m/s in a period of 0.1 second, similar in force to machine gun fire. Analysis of the mass and velocity of every object undergoing acceleration indicates that the system of affected objects contains a constant linear momentum of 2,500 kg m/s, anomalously unconstrained by direction. It is therefore advisable to have many heavier items available to the object instead of fewer, lighter items.
Despite SCP-128's invisible, immaterial form, it has been determined that the entity cannot be compressed into a space under a 2 cm radius sphere. Such compression with opaque materials, however, is not advised, as dust particles within the space will be excited, generating extreme heat, potentially rupturing the compression container explosively.
SCP-128 arbitrarily chooses which items to accelerate, with a slight statistical preference for new objects over older ones. Despite the existence of some form of acceleration choosing, tests do not indicate an active sentience directing the choice, with one exception. The object does not accelerate "living" material, with its own parameters regarding what is considered "living." People or robots moving of their own accord are not accelerated, nor is any part that is rigidly attached. Dead or unconscious people and animals are also not accelerated. Unmoving but conscious test subjects report a light "tugging" in the presence of SCP-128, which immediately stops at the first sign of movement or animal-like characteristics. Plants and fungi, alive or dead, are similarly not accelerated. Unpowered robots, however, are susceptible to acceleration.
Addendum 128-1: Recovery Log
Item #: SCP-131
Object Class: Safe
Special Containment Procedures: No special safety procedures are to be taken with SCP-131-A and SCP-131-B. They are free to travel about Site-19 so long as they do not attempt to enter any restricted areas or attempt to leave the facility. Casual contact with the subjects is permitted, but it is recommended that such contact be kept to a minimum to prevent the creatures from forming an attachment to personnel. Hourly tabs are to be kept on subjects at all times; failure to account for their presence at these times constitutes a level one lockdown situation. Any report of abuse or mistreatment of the subjects will result in a harsh reprimand.
Description: SCP-131-A and SCP-131-B (affectionately nicknamed the "Eye Pods" by personnel) are a pair of teardrop-shaped creatures roughly 30 cm (1 ft) in height, with a single blue eye in the middle of their bodies. SCP-131-A is burnt orange in color while SCP-131-B is mustard yellow. At the base of each creature is a wheel-like protrusion which allows for locomotion, suggesting that the creatures may be biomechanical in origin. The subjects can move surprisingly fast, covering over 60 m (200 ft) in a matter of seconds. The subjects, however, lack a braking system, which has led to some rather spectacular, if not overly amusing, mishaps involving the creatures. The subjects have also shown the ability to climb sheer surfaces, and have gotten lost in the air vents on more than one occasion.
The subjects seem to have the intelligence of common house cats and are insatiably curious. Most of the time they simply roll around the facility, observing personnel at work and catching peeks at other Safe class SCPs. The subjects seem to be able to communicate with each other via an untranslatable high-pitched babbling. The subjects have never been observed to blink, even in laboratories when the subjects have been videotaped for over 18 consecutive hours.
The subjects seem to respond well to any affection given to them and will quickly bond to the giver of said affection, much in the same way a puppy bonds with a human being. They will follow anyone or anything they've made a bond with anywhere, even into normally restricted areas. Although curious, the subjects can sense danger in their general vicinity, and if the object of their bond begins to approach something they register as dangerous (e.g., Euclid or Keter class objects) they will swarm around their bonded companion's feet (or appropriate extremities) while babbling in a panicked tone, as if to warn them. Because of the daily dangers faced by Site-19 staff in dealing with Euclid and Keter class objects, it is recommended that staff avoid making attempts to bond with the subjects, as it can pose a distraction during delicate operations and experiments and may pose a danger to the subjects themselves (see Addendum 131-1). If the subjects are ignored by their bonded target long enough, they will eventually lose interest and return to their normal activities.
It should be noted that the subjects require no real care or maintenance from the site staff. They do not eat, leave droppings, or even sleep. It would seem that the only sustenance they require is visual stimulation (although this requires further study to verify).
Subjects SCP-131-A and SCP-131-B were found in a cornfield outside ████████████ in the year 19██. They were promptly transported to Site-19 via [DATA EXPUNGED] and were then downgraded to Safe class and given free rein across the site once it became clear they were not broadcasting what they saw to any hostile foreign powers.
Addendum 131-1: During an incident that took place on ██/██/████, the subjects followed one of the cleaning staff on routine cleaning of the container of SCP-173. After their normal attempts to warn the cleaner of the danger were ignored, the creatures rushed into the container in front of him and the other two personnel on duty. Once inside, the staff members observed the subjects sitting in front of SCP-173 and watching it intently, as if aware that it could only move if unobserved. The cleaners ignored the presence of the subjects and continued with the bi-weekly cleaning as per standard procedures. When the cleaning crew left, the subjects did as well, rolling backward slowly and never taking their eyes off of SCP-173. Current applications of SCP-131-A and SCP-131-B as "wardens" for SCP-173 (and perhaps other SCP which require constant observation, such as SCP-689) are being considered.
« SCP-130 | SCP-131 | SCP-132 »
Cite this page as:
"SCP-131" by Lt Masipag, from the SCP Wiki. Source: http://www.scpwiki.com/scp-131. Licensed under CC-BY-SA.
For more information, see Licensing Guide.
Licensing Disclosures
Item #: SCP-132
Object Class: Safe
Special Containment Procedures: All instances of SCP-132 are to be cataloged and etched with an appropriate designating mark. SCP-132 is to be stored at Containment Sector-██ when not in use. No special clearance is needed to have access to files relating to SCP-132 and instances of SCP-132 may be requisitioned for office decoration in any non-Command Foundation installation. After incident 132-01, no instances of SCP-132 are to leave Containment Area 23 without approval by the Sector Director. Following the incident detailed in Addendum 03, standard classification procedures are reinstated on SCP-132.
Description: SCP-132 takes the form of a series of ███ glass tetrahedrons, each with a side length of 10.3 centimeters. Each instance of SCP-132 appears to contain a patch of desert sand. Occasionally scorpions and other desert creatures enter the confines of an instance of SCP-132 as if it were a continuous piece of desert. Creatures within SCP-132 have shown no awareness of the existence of anything outside of the object and attempts to influence the area within SCP-132 have failed.
Review of observed animal life within SCP-132 has proven inconsistent. Clusters of contiguous instances have been internally consistent and have been confirmed to display areas of every major desert. No method of pinpointing exact locations has been discovered; staff observing SCP-132 are advised to be on the lookout for any defining features that could aid in this endeavor.
Test Log SCP-132:
Item #: SCP-134
Object Class: Safe
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-134 is currently contained within a specially outfitted humanoid-containment cell, measuring six (6) meters by eight (8) meters. Since SCP-134 is completely blind, special safety precautions must be taken with the room's furnishings. SCP-134 is reasonably accustomed to the position of all objects in the cell and navigates mostly from memory. SCP-134's room currently contains:
SCP-134 may request additional items, all of which must be approved by a staff member with Level 3 clearance or higher. If any items are added to the room, SCP-134's handlers must be informed ahead of time to prepare her for the addition of something new to the environment. SCP-134 is to be tutored on a regular basis both in general education appropriate for the subject's age and in Braille.
Description: SCP-134 seems to be an Asian girl between the ages of █ and █, with short black hair and a slight build. The subject seems normal in most respects and has all the biological requirements of a human child (food, sleep, etc). However, where SCP-134's eyes should be are two black pits, covered by a transparent membrane similar in appearance to a human eye's membrane; ophthalmological testing has shown that the membranes are between 150 and 200 times more resilient than those of a normal, non-anomalous human. SCP-134 lacks eyelids and thus does not blink, nor can SCP-134 see anything through these black areas. Attempts to examine the back of SCP-134's eyeball have failed, as no retina can be seen. In normal lighting conditions, they appear completely black, but in darkness, very faint lights have been seen within them. Further study with long-exposure photography and light amplification revealed that the lights are actually stars and galaxies, visible as though SCP-134's eye sockets are somehow looking out into deep space. To date, no astronomical formations have been recognized, though research by staff astronomer Dr. ███████ is ongoing.
Sonar examination has revealed no unusual cavities within SCP-134's skull; however, [DATA EXPUNGED], confirming the presence of [DATA EXPUNGED] eye sockets being the local termini and intergalactic space being the remote termini. Parallax measurements indicate that the remote termini are between twenty (20) and two thousand (2000) meters apart, and are moving at between twenty (20) and forty (40) times the speed of light; this does not appear to be linked to SCP-134's position, movement, or metabolism.
Spectrographic analysis indicates that the remote termini periodically [DATA EXPUNGED] new location; the cause of this is not yet known. The shortest interval measured between shifts was six days, while the longest was five weeks. As of yet, no termini shifts have been observed in progress.
SCP-134 has not shown any hostile behavior, and seems unaware of any unnatural condition. SCP-134 shows behavioral symptoms similar to those seen in high-functioning autistic children, including patterned behavior and resistance to change. As such, SCP-134 has been assigned a childhood development specialist to help work with these issues; the specialist has suggested that proper childhood development requires a personal name, and has nicknamed SCP-134 "Stella". SCP-134 has learned to associate being referred to by her SCP number with being subjected to physical tests, and becomes upset and less cooperative when this is done by individuals who have previously referred to her as "Stella"; consequently, personnel are urged to not refer to her by name unless they wish their interactions with SCP-134 to be limited to interview sessions.
The specialist has since been terminated from employment for taking too close an interest in the SCPs assigned to him. Any staff found referring to SCP-134 as 'Stella' will be severely reprimanded.
When questioned about her eyes, SCP-134 claims no knowledge of any deformation, even when allowed to feel normal human eyes for comparison.
SCP-134 has to date volunteered no information about parentage or identity, though when acquired by the Foundation, SCP-134 was called "████". SCP-134 has proven docile and cooperative, and as such staff should display all the normal courtesy they would to any other guest. SCP-134 was taken into Foundation custody based on reports of a deformed child left at the ██████████ orphanage in ███████, Yokohama, Japan. SCP-134 has been in Foundation custody since 20██, at which time orphanage staff claimed SCP-134 was █ years old. Since then, SCP-134 has learned conversational English, in addition to the Japanese already known, and has demonstrated facility with Braille, though instruction is ongoing.
« SCP-133 | SCP-134 | SCP-135 »
Cite this page as:
"SCP-134" by far2, from the SCP Wiki. Source: http://www.scpwiki.com/scp-134. Licensed under CC-BY-SA.
For more information, see Licensing Guide.
Licensing Disclosures
Item #: SCP-136
Object Class: Euclid
Special Containment Procedures: No extraordinary containment procedures are necessary. SCP-136 is to be kept in a standard 10 m x 10 m x 10 m concrete containment room. SCP-136-1 is to be kept in a locked transparent plastic case, measuring 0.5 m x 0.5 m x 0.5 m, placed on a table in the center of the room. Video surveillance is unnecessary when SCP-136 is not being actively examined. As of incident I-136-c (see Incident Reports), only Class D personnel may enter the SCP-136 containment chamber more than once in any thirty day period without special authorization from Director ██████.
Description: SCP-136 has no effect on non-humans.
SCP-136 describes two phenomena. SCP-136-1 is of variable appearance, but generally manifests as a crude clay, wood, metal, or cloth doll, usually identifiable as female and usually between 10 and 30 cm in length. The doll appears as male in approximately 10% of viewings.
SCP-136-1 has no unusual properties that can be measured empirically. Mass spectrometry of samples taken from the doll return typical results for its present material. When the doll is damaged to the extent where it no longer appears human - usually upon removal of the head or all limbs - it vanishes completely and reappears in a new configuration within a one (1) meter radius. Testing of complete vaporization pending.
SCP-136-2 manifests only when SCP-136-1 is viewed for approximately twenty (20) minutes, though like SCP-136-1, it has a somewhat variable form. The first indication of SCP-136-2’s presence is a sound of laughter of a gender corresponding to the appearance of SCP-136-1. Personnel who hear the laughter report it as sounding “creepy” or “scary.” The laughter lasts for an interval of anywhere from five seconds to two minutes, after which is a period of silence, usually of about five minutes. After the period of silence, SCP-136-2 appears along with the abrupt disappearance of SCP-136-1.
SCP-136-2, is an incorporeal nude or partially nude figure corresponding to the gender of SCP-136-1. SCP-136-2, ranging in size from 1.9 to 2.1 meters, is always posed in a provocative manner and moves through the air at a slow walking pace (0.2 m/s) towards the subject(s). If more than one subject is present, each will see the form as moving towards him or herself. As it approaches, the volume of the laughter increases. By the time SCP-136-2 is within 1 to 2 meters, the subject invariably has gone rigid in fear, collapsed, or backed up until he or she hits a wall. SCP-136-2 usually remains stiff until it is within approximately 5 cm of the subject, whereupon it will scream once before vanishing. Ten to fifteen seconds later, SCP-136-1 will reappear in its previous location in a different configuration.
The apparition has a very disturbing appearance. Its mouth is far too wide, frozen in a rictus of pain and arousal. It will occasionally bare its teeth or lick its lips. Its irises take up almost the entire sclera of its eyes, which appear mad and bloodshot. If female, it will have an absurdly narrow waist and large breasts. The experience of viewing SCP-136-2 is profoundly upsetting and has universally caused night terrors for up to six months in every single subject, possibly as a result of its psychic intrusion. After a viewing, most subjects are unable to leave the containment room without assistance. Interestingly, Class D personnel with a history of sexual deviancy still experience a strong negative reaction to 136-2.
At no point has SCP-136-2 been observed to move past the boundaries of its containment room. See Incident report I-136-a
Additional Information:
Item #: SCP-146
Object Class: Euclid
Special Containment Procedures: Containment procedures have been revised after it was noted that the effects of SCP-146 were sharply and dangerously increased under previous containment (a standard one-half (0.5) meter cubed secure-storage bin). The bin should remain free, however, should a researcher wish to test SCP-146 at high intensity. Level 3 clearance is required for any personnel wishing to enclose or cover SCP-146 for a period exceeding two days.
During normal storage, SCP-146 is to be kept on a marble pedestal in its storage room, located [DATA EXPUNGED]. SCP-146's standard storage room measures no less than twenty (20) square meters, with stuccoed walls and a ceiling painted to resemble a clear daytime sky. The room is to be kept well-lit (full daylight equivalent) at all times, furnished with an assortment of potted plants (which must be tended to daily), and decorated in the style of the Late Republican period of Rome (c. 120-80 BCE). Experimentation with different interior styles has shown that SCP-146 seems to prefer this arrangement and to have aesthetic preferences consistent with the aristocracy of Rome from that era. While this containment is standard, researchers with clearance Level 2 or higher may experiment with different containment settings in order to modify the effects of SCP-146.
While SCP-146 is non-motile and therefore requires little security itself, personnel entering its containment area or handling it in any way must not make eye contact with SCP-146. Any attempts to cover SCP-146 in order to prevent eye-contact is prohibited, as this has been shown to increase SCP-146's effect at an unpredictable rate. In general, one (1) day of covering or confinement will cause SCP-146 to skip over the beginning phase of its effect and begin with the most traumatic memories. After three (3) days, SCP-146 has been shown to produce its effect without having to make direct eye-contact first. After seven (7) days, the effect of SCP-146 is both far more intense and no longer confined to subjects within SCP-146's field of vision. Researchers in an adjacent room were affected and one was permanently [DATA REDACTED]. Permission to experiment beyond seven (7) days is denied by order of O5-█. Blinders and decorative screens are available for personnel who must enter SCP-146's containment area for maintenance.
Description: SCP-146 is a hollow bronze head, apparently a fragment of a complete statue or bust, depicting a crowned young woman or perhaps an effeminate young man. The head exhibits severe verdigris over much of its surface. The crown of SCP-146 is inlaid with silver decorations, and its eyes (the apparent source of SCP-146's effects) are beaten silver, shined to be mildly reflective. To date, SCP-146 has not exhibited any signs of movement, but its reaction to certain decor in its containment area indicates that it may possess a degree of sentience, if not outright sapience. If SCP-146 is able to communicate, it has not yet done so.
SCP-146 exhibits the ability to access and bring to mind certain memories in those who initiate eye contact. These memories are usually tied to a sense of guilt or shame in the subject. After initial eye contact is made, the subject need only remain somewhere in SCP-146's field of vision for the memories and associated feelings to become more intense, although continual eye contact speeds the process.
Upon initial eye contact with SCP-146, recent memories will begin to surface in the subject. For example, subjects who have ignored a friend in the hall or exceeded the speed limit will be reminded of these events and begin to feel mildly guilty, whether or not they would normally care about the event. With continued exposure to the gaze of SCP-146, the subject will begin to recall older and more vivid memories, with a corresponding increase in feelings of shame in the subject. Generally, after thirty (30) minutes of exposure, the memories will move from being vivid recollections to intense hallucinations, with the subject unable to distinguish the past from the present, or the imagined from the real. Subjects have been observed to regress in personality as well, particularly in cases where memories of childhood trauma have been brought up. Any test subjects exposed for over thirty (30) minutes should be restrained both for their own safety and the safety of others. All subjects to date who have been exposed to SCP-146 for sixty (60) minutes have completely retreated into their hallucinations; so far no such subject has been restored to consciousness from this near-catatonic state. Such subjects must be fed intravenously and are unresponsive to external stimuli, save for occasional murmurings consistent with their regression.
It has also been noted that when subjects recall a shameful event, they will often feel compelled to make amends for their actions. This is not generally a problem in the case of minor offenses and has in some cases led to greater unity among the staff. However, problems arise when the subject cannot make amends, either because the offended party cannot be contacted or because the transgression is somehow irredeemable. Sometimes, the subject will put forth renewed positive efforts in order to "balance out" their guilt. However, in most such cases, subjects fall into a deep depression and/or turn to some form of self-punishment, including self-mutilation and suicide. Please see the attached experiment logs for detailed cases.
SCP-146 was acquired from a Mr. ████ ███████ of Birmingham, UK. Mr. ███████ had acquired SCP-146 during the estate sale of a renowned philanthropist, the late ████████ ██████████, Lord of █████████████. It was purchased in a lot with a number of other artifacts for £█████. When Mr. ███████ began to experience SCP-146's effects, he began seeing a psychiatrist, Undercover Agent UA33-56G. Mr. ███████ was put into an institution and SCP-146 was taken into Foundation custody. UA33-56G's notes on Mr. ███████'s mental state are available for study by researchers of Level 2 or higher, filed as Document SCP-146-A.
Experiment Log #146-01
Item #: SCP-148
Object Class: Euclid
Special Containment Procedures:
Item #: SCP-149
Object Class: Keter
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-149 in any of its instances is to be kept inside a sealed plexi-glass box for observation. Oxygen and a nutrient mist are to be released into the containment cell every two hours. If any instance of SCP-149 escapes its cell, Protocol-42-Charlie is to be brought into effect on any and all contaminated personnel, by order of O5-12, after Incident 149-1.
Description: SCP-149 is a breed of mosquito which carries a strain of retrovirus (herein referred to as SCP-149-A) that mutates regenerating human cells into fertilized mosquito eggs. SCP-149-A is injected directly into the bloodstream when SCP-149 feeds. The SCP-149-A quickly works on the nucleus of the cells, warping the DNA. The first set of cells bred from these changed instructions closely resemble cysts, and are concentrated in the lining of the esophagus and the sinuses. Upon dissection, however, these 'cysts' are revealed to be filled with SCP-149's larvae, the cysts acting as a protective casing against external forces. SCP-149 appears to go through its maturation cycle in a matter of hours; by the time the subject is able to feel any effects, the first generation of SCP-149 has already grown inside the subject's body. SCP-149 primarily achieves exodus through the mouth and nostrils, occasionally being diverted through the Sphenoid sinuses to escape through the eye sockets. Infection by SCP-149 is fatal, and chance of infection has been estimated to be 50% from one bite.
Addendum:
Item #: SCP-150
Object Class: Keter
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-150 patients kept for study should be contained in Level-3 Biohazard Containment Cells, with no more than 1 instance per cell. Cultures of SCP-150 are contained in vacuum-sealed glass flasks in the Site-42 infectious materials lab. Standard pathogen-handling procedures should be followed at all times. Any instances of SCP-150 found outside of containment are to be incinerated.
Description: SCP-150 is an obligate parasite that resembles the tongue-eating louse (Cymothoa exigua), but is adapted to form conjunctive symbiotic relationships with humans for a period of its lifespan. Upon contact with a human subject, SCP-150 embeds itself deeply in the flesh of its host. Over the course of approximately seven days, the parasite will burrow into the host and affect numerous physiological alterations.
The most glaring alteration is the gradual conversion of the limb nearest the infection site into a chitinous appendage: as SCP-150 consumes the host's flesh, it excretes tissue that replaces and augments the functionality of the host's limb without causing transplant rejection. It is suspected that SCP-150 is able to secrete anesthetic and immunosuppressant substances to prevent the host's body from responding to the change. Furthermore, the nervous tissue excreted by SCP-150 is able to interface with the host's nervous system. By the time the process is complete, the host will be able to control the affected limb with no loss in mobility and often with improved strength, reflexes, and resilience.
For a period of one to two weeks, SCP-150 will reproduce, feeding on nutrients from and depositing eggs1 into assimilated blood vessels. The eggs are deposited throughout the human body via the bloodstream - while the vast majority of them die off, enough survive to begin colonizing and altering the rest of the host's body. Though subjects report discomfort and occasional loss of motor control during this process, they often will not recognize the cause of said discomfort. It is still unclear why the offspring do not compete with each other for space or resources, nor how the assimilation process leaves the body's cell signaling mechanisms and processes unaffected. SCP-150 reproduces during this assimilation process: as the lungs are assimilated, more eggs are produced and spread by the patient's coughing. Although as many as 10,000 eggs may be produced during this time, it is estimated that only 1% of them find their way into another host, of which 1% survive the host's immune response and implant successfully.
Although SCP-150 inevitably results in the assimilation and alteration of the central nervous system, including the spinal cord and brain, the host's consciousness and behavior are seemingly unaffected. Interviews with subjects infected by SCP-150 have yielded little information, as infected subjects unaware of SCP-150 claim to sense no changes or improvement in certain senses and faculties. While subjects aware of the infection are able to pinpoint the source of the change, they exhibit little to no negative feelings and often express positivity towards it.
Addendum 150-E: Transcript of Exploratory Leukotomy and Nervous Tissue Transformation Experiments
Two D-Class subjects, D-13732 and D-016002, were infected with SCP-150 and allowed to progress through all stages of the infection. In order to examine the full effect of the infection, exploratory neurosurgeries were performed on both subjects. D-13732 was euthanized; his nervous tissue was found to have been entirely replaced by smaller instances of SCP-150. The instances comprising his brain matter were extracted and stored for experimentation on D-016002.
The following decompressive craniotomy and leukotomy were performed by Dr. Harlan Sun, Dr. Wendy Robin, and Dr. Alex Harlow on D-016002. A full transcript follows.
<Begin Log, 21:43>
Item #: SCP-151
Object Class: Euclid
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-151 should be kept in a locked storage compartment, covered by an opaque cloth. The keys to the compartment should be kept in the custody of the site commander when SCP-151 is not being researched. When research is being conducted, SCP-151 may be kept in a locked laboratory, provided it is always covered when not being used.
Description: SCP-151 is a 1 m x 1.3 m (3 ft x 4 ft) oil painting, apparently from the perspective of someone underwater. A subject who views the painting exhibits no initial effects. However, over a period of 24 hours, the subject's breathing becomes increasingly labored, culminating in the death of the subject. Autopsies reveal that subjects' lungs have filled with seawater. Attempts to halt the drowning process by medical intervention have proven successful in prolonging the life of the subject, but have not stopped nor reversed the condition.
The painting is not signed, but several names are written on the back.
Addendum: SCP-151 was found in an antique shop in █████████, ███, after the Foundation began investigating a series of unexplained drowning deaths. As ███ is landlocked, the Foundation dispatched a team of plainclothes agents after being informed of the nature of the water in the victims' lungs and that the victims had all been discovered on dry land. The agents discovered that the names written on the back belonged to a group of artistically inclined students, all of whom disappeared during a study abroad program in ███████. Investigation into their fate is ongoing, and may provide clues as to the nature and origin of SCP-151.
« SCP-150 | SCP-151 | SCP-152 »
Cite this page as:
"SCP-151" by Agent Thornsmith, from the SCP Wiki. Source: http://www.scpwiki.com/scp-151. Licensed under CC-BY-SA.
For more information, see Licensing Guide.
Licensing Disclosures
Item #: SCP-162
Object Class: Euclid
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-162 is to be kept in a sealed steel container at all times. Any handling is to be done with thick steel-plate gloves and heavy body armor. Any personnel attempting to touch SCP-162 without proper protection, or acting in an erratic or non-responsive manner, are to be immediately removed from the containment area. All personnel are to submit to mental testing and review for two weeks after interaction with SCP-162.
Description: SCP-162 is a mass of fish hooks, fish line, needles, scissors, and other sharp objects in a rough ball shape close to 2.4 m (8 ft) in width and 2.1 m (7 ft) in height. After being in SCP-162's vicinity, subjects have reported feeling drawn to the object in order to touch it. This desire can extend for several weeks after seeing the item, becoming an obsession in many cases. The "draw" increases the more SCP-162 is observed, and subjects will become violent towards anyone attempting to restrain or remove them from SCP-162.
Touching SCP-162 will immediately result in several hooks becoming embedded in the subject's skin. The experience is extremely painful, much more so than normal fish hooks. Struggling or attempting to escape will ensnare the subject more, likely resulting in the subject's complete entrapment on the surface of SCP-162. Subject will bleed profusely, resulting in death after a prolonged period of time. Subjects whose skin is impenetrable to SCP-162's fish hooks, such as SCP-1063, have proven to be immune to SCP-162's compulsion effects.
Attempting to remove a subject from SCP-162 will result in the entrapment of the remover, or gross bodily harm to the subject's flesh. Subjects will many times "cycle" between expressing extreme pain and requesting assistance, to statements of pleasure and requests to be left alone, even attempting to grab and entangle personnel attempting to rescue them. Activation of SCP-1114 within the proximity of SCP-162 has proven to be an effective means of freeing a subject from entrapment, though SCP-162's compulsion effect still remains.
« SCP-161 | SCP-162 | SCP-163 »
Cite this page as:
"SCP-162" by Dr Gears, from the SCP Wiki. Source: http://www.scpwiki.com/scp-162. Licensed under CC-BY-SA.
For more information, see Licensing Guide.
Licensing Disclosures
Item #: SCP-165
Object Class: Keter
Special Containment Procedures: Housed in a facility at Armed Bio-Containment Area-14, SCP-165 is to be treated as a contagious, pathological organism. The highest sterilization and quarantine procedures are to be followed.
Microwave field generators around SCP-165's area are in place to restrict movement of its dune within its containment area. Once every nine (9) days, SCP-165 is fed live cattle weighing at least seven hundred fifty (750) kilograms.
Description: The organic component of SCP-165 resembles that of typical parasitic mites, seven hundred fifty (750) micrometers in length, with eight (8) legs and a genetic structure similar to the house dust mite. The main difference is the hermit-crab-like behavior of attaching grains of sand to its back. It is unknown what purpose the sand serves, but the massive colony of SCP-165 numbers in the hundreds of billions to possibly trillions, creating a rather large dune.
An electron microscope image of SCP-165
The similarities between [DATA EXPUNGED] and SCP-165 are only superficial. [DATA EXPUNGED]'s colony is protozoan in nature and apparently shows a collective intelligence and awareness that is not understood. SCP-165's colony is made up of individual Acari who don't show cooperation but rather competition in the hunt for food. Like mosquitoes, they rely on chemical detection of carbon dioxide and sugars in the air to detect prey. The Acari mites roll and bound over one another toward prey, only using their legs to climb over one another. When in contact with the flesh of animals, they release a numbing chemical toxin in their bite, similar in make-up to that of mosquito and flea bite toxins. Subjects are typically unaware that millions of mites are 'taking turns' at grabbing mouthfuls of its flesh as they swarm around their victim.
A typical swarm resembles a swirling vortex around a victim or victim's appendage. The SCP-165 colony is efficient enough in their competitive swarming that most animals' appendages can be de-fleshed and reduced to bone within minutes. The numbing toxin is so effective that sleeping victims may not wake up as their limbs are eaten away.
These images, taken before containment, were made using an unmanned ground traversing drone
The Acari mites are resistant to all but the most dangerous of pesticides. They retreat from heat and will often seek shade when available, being the most active during the night, hunting for large sleeping prey. Their vulnerability to heat is the most preferable technique for containment.
Addendum - Acquisition: It is apparent that the US Government has been aware of dunes of SCP-165 for some eighty (80) years. The area where SCP-165 was found is now a forgotten German immigrant ghost town of Fredricksburg, Arizona, in the Tule Desert near the Goldwater Air Force Bombing Range.
The remote town of Fredricksburg was founded sometime in the late 1800s and by 1908 had become a ghost town. A passing cavalry troop reported that the inhabitants had disappeared and that the buildings were empty. They attempted to stay one night in the abandoned hotel, only to have seven (7) of their horses reduced to piles of bone. All but four (4) of the soldiers fled in the middle of the night, saying that sand was filling the building like a flood of water. Those four were never seen again.
The most complete standing building of Fredricksburg, Arizona, was home to the largest dune of SCP-165
During the late 1950s, the U.S. military attempted to exterminate SCP-165 by turning the area into a bombing range. It was successful in reducing the numbers of SCP-165, but in the late 1980s, it became apparent that a ground cleanup and extraction was needed to remove the presence of SCP-165. Mobile Task-Force Epsilon-9 (aka "Fire Eaters") were dispatched for containment and extraction of SCP-165. Upon entering the town of Fredricksburg, an upturned sign was found, reading "Vorsicht vor dem kriechenden, hungrigen Sand" which translates to "Beware the creeping, hungry sands." The flame accelerators of MTF Ɛ-9 proved highly successful in glassing the sand of SCP-165 and reducing its number to a manageable size. A living dune of nearly four (4) metric tons of SCP-165 was contained and transported to ABC Area-14 where it is monitored and contained.
« SCP-164 | SCP-165 | SCP-166 »
Cite this page as:
"SCP-165" by FritzWillie, from the SCP Wiki. Source: http://www.scpwiki.com/scp-165. Licensed under CC-BY-SA.
For more information, see Licensing Guide.
Licensing Disclosures
Item #: SCP-166
Object Class: Euclid
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-166 is contained in Biocontainment Zone C at Site-19, which has been modified to include a hermetically sealed antechamber and an industrial-strength air purifier. Containment staff must wear the specially designated 166 biohazard suits at all times when inside SCP-166's containment area.
Due to SCP-166's unique physiological needs, a variety of loose fitting organic cotton clothing has been provided, to be rotated monthly. All meals are to be cooked according to the guidelines provided, with as little inorganic additives as possible.
Reasonable requests for personal items and modifications to the containment suite may be granted upon approval by a Level 4 or higher authority. Update: All requests by SCP-166 must be approved personally by Site Director Light. To date, SCP-166 has requested:
Description: SCP-166 is a European female human in its late teens with ungulate features; possessing antlers, hooved feet, and a short tail reminiscent of Rangifer tarandus (Common reindeer). Despite these obvious abnormalities, DNA analysis reveals no abnormal genetic traits.
Within a fifteen-meter radius of SCP-166, artificial objects gradually return to an unworked state. Higher complexity objects like electronics or vehicles are affected quicker, with degradation of their metallic components causing catastrophic structural failure in a matter of hours. Rudimentary materials, such as stone buildings or products made of organic materials, decay at a virtually imperceptible rate. Within the same radius plant life will begin to sprout, often growing in improbable places such as out of security cameras or ID scanners.
SCP-166 possesses a possibly anomalous sensitivity to artificial material and pollutants, with inhalation or contact causing pressure ulcers and symptoms of acute asthma attacks. In one case, physical proximity to a smoker caused SCP-166 to undergo a severe asthma attack, even though the doctor at the time had not smoked a cigarette for three weeks.
Discovery: SCP-166 was discovered at the Our Lady of Mercy Convent in County Galway, Ireland, where it had lived since infancy. SCP-166 was confirmed by a defecting Global Occult Coalition agent to be the child of Threat Entity 9927-Black ("The Goddess"), also known as SCP-████, who was terminated by a GOC strike team in what would be known as the Cornwall Incident.
Threat ID:
KTE-9927-Blackchild "The Daughter"
Item #: SCP-168
Object Class: Safe
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-168 is to remain in observation room 221-D of Sector-28. It should be propped at the full angle that its casing allows, facing the unshuttered window provided. The entrance is to remain locked, with entrance available by request. Based on prior research, it is not to be used as a normal calculator would. Discussion with SCP-168 is encouraged, but is to be limited to a maximum of one hour per day; no exceptions.
Description: Found resting on a desk during clearance of the condemned ██████ Elementary School building in 199█, SCP-168 is a Hewlett-Packard brand graphing calculator, model #HP-28C. Upon initial inspection, it was discovered that the name “Eric” was carved into the inside of the removable casing. However, upon inputting a simple equation (6÷3) and pressing the “=” button, the screen of the device went blank for 3 minutes and 34 seconds, after which the “alternate key” function engaged, displaying the message; “WHAT TIME IS IT?”
For a log of the conversation, those with Level 2 Security Clearance should see Addendum: Report E-12.
Though not altogether mobile, SCP-168 has displayed signs of action when personnel are not present. It also possesses both vision and hearing, though how these processes work is currently unknown. For more information, refer to Addendum: Report E-18. This evidence has led to petitioning to upgrade the object to Euclid class, justifying more secure arrangements for containment.
Document #168-1: Interview E-12
Recorded log of dialogue between SCP-168 and Dr. Howard, dated January 14, 2008:
(Replies from SCP-168 are to remain capitalized, to indicate non-vocal communication and preserve authenticity. SCP-168 is also incapable of forming punctuation marks, save for period, comma, and question mark)
[BEGIN LOG]
Item #: SCP-169
Object Class: Keter
Special Containment Procedures: Because of its size, SCP-169 cannot and almost certainly will never be contained—no structure on Earth is large enough or strong enough to contain SCP-169. The location of SCP-169 is not precisely known, but imaging satellites and analyses of eccentricities in the Earth's orbit suggest SCP-169 is located in the southern Atlantic Ocean, possibly stretching around the tip of South America (see Addendum 0-20).
Any satellite footage of a shift in the landmasses produced by SCP-169 is to be excised and destroyed by embedded agents.
Description: SCP-169 is surmised to be a marine arthropod of enormous size, known as the "Leviathan" by generations of sailors and oral history. Presumed at first to be a myth, SCP-169 was detected on ██/██/19██ by Mobile Task Force Gamma-6 during an investigation of paranormal activity around the █████ █████████ archipelago (coordinates ██°██'S ██°██'W). During Ɣ-6's investigation, Dr. ████ ████████ [Ɣ6-0912] discovered the archipelago to have moved at least three (3) kilometers from its original location. Though initially Dr. ████████ believed this motion to be due to unusually-quick continental drift, a reconnaissance mission performed by the USS ████████ revealed the archipelago to be the protrusions of rock-like plates covering an enormous organic mass. The Foundation was brought in immediately to begin threat management.
Dr. ████████ and Dr. ██████████ [Ɣ6-0421] estimate SCP-169's body length to be between 2000 and 8000 km. The creature is thought to have existed since the pre-Cambrian era. No other specimens have been sighted. Almost nothing is known about SCP-169's habits, such as its reproductive capabilities (if any), food source, and nesting area (if any). Research regarding SCP-169 is pending approval.
The archipelago known as the █████ █████████ Islands have historically been uninhabited, though claimed by ███████ in 17██. Upon handover to the Foundation, ███████ presence was evacuated on the pretense of rising sea levels. Though the archipelago has remained above sea level for several millennia, any change of depth by SCP-169 could result in the disappearance of the entire archipelago. SCP-169 moves slowly, less than one kilometer per week, but seems only to be adrift. Its method of propulsion is unknown. Regular seismic tremors seem to indicate "breathing" about every three (3) months, causing minor shifts in the islands' terrain, suggesting that the creature is probably dormant.
Information Suppression: The USS ████████ was scuttled with all hands immediately after the discovery of SCP-169 with the permission of the American government. The public is forbidden from entering the archipelago created by SCP-169 due to the conveniently large number of resident endangered bird species. As indicated above, satellite footage is to be doctored in order to suppress knowledge of SCP-169's movement. NASA is currently cooperating with the Foundation in keeping the existence of SCP-169 quiet, and is currently permitting the Foundation use of their satellites for photographic use.
Addendum [0-20]: In 199█, the U.S. National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration, an American scientific agency unaffiliated with and unaware of the existence of the Foundation, detected an ultra-low-frequency underwater sound emanating from around ██ºS ███ºW, approximately ████ km from the southwestern coast of South America.
Despite the best efforts of embedded agent ████ ████████ [IA-1522], news of the sound leaked to the media, receiving significant media coverage. Foundation analysis concluded that a massive underwater organism was the source of the noise, and SCP-169 was hypothesized to be its source, as its "head" is well within the possible locations of the rest of SCP-169. The sound confirms Ɣ6-0421's hypothesis that SCP-169 is gargantuan in size. Future efforts by scientific or civilian teams to determine the source of the noise must be stopped by any means necessary.
« SCP-168 | SCP-169 | SCP-170 »
Cite this page as:
"SCP-169" by Kain Pathos Crow, from the SCP Wiki. Source: http://www.scpwiki.com/scp-169. Licensed under CC-BY-SA.
For more information, see Licensing Guide.
Licensing Disclosures
Item #: SCP-173
Object Class: Euclid
Special Containment Procedures: Item SCP-173 is to be kept in a locked container at all times. When personnel must enter SCP-173's container, no fewer than 3 may enter at any time and the door is to be relocked behind them. At all times, two persons must maintain direct eye contact with SCP-173 until all personnel have vacated and relocked the container.
Description: Moved to Site-19 1993. Origin is as of yet unknown. It is constructed from concrete and rebar with traces of Krylon brand spray paint. SCP-173 is animate and extremely hostile. The object cannot move while within a direct line of sight. Line of sight must not be broken at any time with SCP-173. Personnel assigned to enter container are instructed to alert one another before blinking. Object is reported to attack by snapping the neck at the base of the skull, or by strangulation. In the event of an attack, personnel are to observe Class 4 hazardous object containment procedures.
Personnel report sounds of scraping stone originating from within the container when no one is present inside. This is considered normal, and any change in this behaviour should be reported to the acting HMCL supervisor on duty.
The reddish brown substance on the floor is a combination of feces and blood. Origin of these materials is unknown. The enclosure must be cleaned on a bi-weekly basis.
Creator Information
Item #: SCP-176
Object Class: Euclid
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-176 is contained on-site under the cover of industrial chemical contamination. Any civilians attempting to enter SCP-176 must be detained.
Multiple high-speed cameras are set up within the observation room and linked to continuously running analysis computers. If any deviation is observed in the recorded sequence, all recorded data must be immediately backed up and senior staff notified.
Description: SCP-176 is an abandoned chemical factory situated near [DATA EXPUNGED]. The building consists of a factory floor and an observation room on the second floor, separated from the main room by one-way mirrors. There are three entrances to the building:
When the main building is entered via the loading dock or employee entrance, no anomalies are observed, merely an empty room in severe disuse and disrepair with a small amount of metallic debris consistent with a stripped down, abandoned factory. The inside staircase leading up to the observation room is missing and inaccessible, and so far every attempt to enter the observation room via the inside of the factory through the access door or windows has failed.
When the observation room is entered via the second-floor outside door, a factory observation room consistent in disuse and disrepair to the rest of the building is found. However, when the factory floor is viewed through the observation room windows, the anomalous property of SCP-176 is visible.
The view from the observation room window shows a static, repeating scene that lasts approximately 11.3 seconds before repeating. Visible through the window is a room of the same dimensions and layout as the factory floor, but painted white and sterilized. Set up in the middle of the room is a huge electronic device of indeterminate function covering at least 50 square meters and extending approximately 2 meters in height at its highest point. Five individuals in white clean suits appear to be working on the device.
Approximately 5.9 seconds into the scene, the employee entrance door bursts open and four individuals wearing black tactical armor with no identifying marks or emblems enter the room and open fire on the research personnel. At 11.3 seconds, the device in the center of the room emits an intense flash of light and radiation, and the scene resets. Analysis of thousands of instances of the scene has shown no variation in the sequence.
So far, all attempts at interacting with the scene have failed; any attempts to breach the window or door from within the observation room are met with resistance inconsistent with the suggested strength of the materials comprising their frames. To date, all attempts that have resulted in successful penetration of the door or window have resulted in the damage being instantly reverted along with the sequence during the burst of light. Any tools or limbs extended outside of the observation room are cleanly severed, and have never been found.
Research is ongoing into the nature of the device at the center of SCP-176, as well as the identities of the individuals involved.
Addendum 176-1: Further Analysis of Individuals in SCP-176
Analysis has yielded the following information regarding the individuals visible in the scene:
« SCP-175 | SCP-176 | SCP-177 »
Cite this page as:
"SCP-176" by Aelanna, from the SCP Wiki. Source: http://www.scpwiki.com/scp-176. Licensed under CC-BY-SA.
For more information, see Licensing Guide.
Licensing Disclosures
Item #: SCP-177
Object Class: Safe
Special Containment Procedures: Due to the safe level of the object, SCP-177 is to be contained in Dr. Calib's room, to be moved only at his discretion, or at that of a Level 4 Administrator. SCP-177 is to be kept in a Level-4 storage locker. During use of SCP-177, standard rules of chess must be adhered to; any test subject attempting to cheat or deviate from these rules is to be escorted from the room.
Description: SCP-177 is an eight by eight square standard chess board measuring 40 cm by 40 cm. On the board are 16 pawns, two Kings, two Queens, four Bishops, four Knights, and four rooks, totaling 16 black and 16 white pieces. All items are carved out of elephant ivory. The white pieces are moveable, and can even be removed from the board with minimal force; the black pieces, however, cannot be removed from the board, or moved by any outside force; forces in excess of 3 kilo-newtons have been applied to the black pieces, only resulting in damaged equipment.
When a legal opening move is made using the white pieces, SCP-177 enters an active state. When active, SCP-177 can be used to play a game of chess using standard rules (white moves first, pawns can move two squares on first move, etc.). The black pieces move autonomously, and after a move is made using the white pieces, that piece becomes immovable until black makes a move. When a piece is captured, it is moved off to the side of the board and removed from play automatically. In the case of the white side winning, the black pieces all return to their original positions, and no further effects are noted until a new game starts. If black should win, the black pieces do a celebratory "dance" and the white pieces fall down, before righting themselves to their original position. Should a stalemate occur, all pieces fall down and return to original positions.
Addendum: History of SCP-177: SCP-177 was brought into Foundation custody 03/██/199█, following a routine sweep of antique stores in the area of London, England. The shop in question was found to be mundane, with the exception of SCP-177, which was acquired by Dr. Calib. The shop has since been under surveillance for any further anomalous activity.
Partial Test Log:
Item #: SCP-179
Object Class: Safe Thaumiel
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-179 remains beyond the reach of currently known groups of interest, including the Foundation. All containment efforts are to be focused towards a Grade 3 Omission cover-up, coupled with the discouragement or sabotage of exploration and research missions that attempt to study cis-Mercurian space and orbits that go through it.
Description: SCP-179 is a humanoid entity located at a constant distance of approximately 40,000 km from the South polar region of the solar photosphere, locked to the rotation axis of Sol. However, it does not orbit it; the most recent recordings of SCP-179 indicate that it seems to maintain a continuous orbit around the center of the galaxy.
Through the combined effort of 43 years of continuous surveying, the external appearance of SCP-179 has been defined as a human female of undetermined ethnic group of between twenty and forty years of age. Its entire bodily surface is covered in or composed of a matte black material. Its hair appears to be composed of this material, measures over 34 km long and is constantly pushed away by solar wind. However, this part of SCP-179 seems to reflect variable amounts of sunlight — this reflection being the phenomenon that indicated its existence to Foundation astrophysicists during 1940. Several markings or tattoos are placed throughout its bodily midline. Judging from their brightness, these markings might be of metallic composition and of a golden hue.
These tattoos include several symbols that have been identified as those typically representing the Sun and the six innermost planets of the Solar System according to medieval alchemy, including, in this order:
SCP-179 keeps its ventral side oriented towards Earth most of the time, but it has been observed to look towards other areas on occasion. [REDACTED]
[ALL FURTHER DATA REDACTED AS PER ADMINISTRATIVE WARNING ES-026]
As of ██/██/████, SCP-179 has been reclassified Thaumiel. All involved personnel with a clearance level below 4/179 will be either promoted or reassigned to fit this new classification, depending on their relevance for the continuated surveillance and cover-up operations as directed by the current Head Researcher for SCP-179. All reassigned personnel will be subject to POLYMATH-08 Memory Redaction Therapy or D-class amnestics (in a high dosage grade, with a maximum retrograde effect of ten years of experience), depending on the time spent working in SCP-179 prior to its reclassification.
SCP-179's existence will be subject to an Orbital Misinformation Standardized Intelligence Obstruction and Neutralization campaign. As per Omission Protocol 4 (items 4.5, 4.6 and 4.7), most documentation related to SCP-179 has been classified Level 4 (Top Secret). Any further data related to SCP-179 has been classified Level 5 (Thaumiel), and will be made available only to authorized 5/179 personnel.
BE ADVISED THAT: Unauthorized access to SCP-179 research materials will be considered a Type-3-B offense (Unauthorized Data Management While Lacking Appropriate Global Clearance), punishable by compulsory memory redaction therapy with immediate reassignment and/or demotion.
SCP-179 is sensitive to all radiation in the electromagnetic spectrum, intelligent and able to communicate through multiple anomalous means, including but not limited to radio and laser communications interference. Only one instance of SCP-179 communication with Foundation personnel has occurred thus far, where SCP-179 proved to be fluent in French. As this contact did not result in a clear statement of SCP-179's intentions towards the Foundation and its mission, all efforts must be made to prevent contact by any known Groups of Interest with SCP-179. Misinformation operations and other preemptive measures have been deployed.
Most recorded movements performed by SCP-179 have been related to extraterrestrial threats, both anomalous or non-anomalous in nature, on a collision or orbital insertion course with the Earth. These threatening items have been identified as capable of causing CK-Class Reconfiguration events of diverse impact on human societies and earthly life in general if allowed to reach Earth. If impact with Earth or orbital insertion occurs without proper response and containment by Foundation operatives, these items of interest may be capable of causing XK-Class end-of-the-world scenarios.
SCP-179 will usually address an item or items of interest by pointing at them with an arm and, when more than one item of interest is present, will be able to generate additional limbs anatomically identical to its arms, as needed. Survey data indicates that SCP-179 performs other motions specific to each item of interest addressed — such as raising different fingers or moving its arms in an array of as of yet undecipherable patterns at fixed intervals —, but whether these motions contain any information or not has not been determined to date.
The limits of SCP-179's detection capacities have not been clearly ascertained. While SCP-179 has been able to detect potentially harmful objects beyond the trans-Neptunian region, those threats had been detected by other surveillance and exploration systems (usually under Foundation control) or, in at least three separate instances, were visible to the naked eye from Earth. However, they had not been immediately recognized as threats. It has been hypothesized that SCP-179 may only detect and react to active threats that remain detectable to other observing parties without the cis-Neptunian region, while being able to unerringly determine their harmful nature. All items of interest approaching Earth within cis-Neptunian space that had considerable destructive capacity have been detected by SCP-179 without failure, often when no observers known to the Foundation were aware of them.
As such, SCP-179 and all personnel, orbital equipment and facilities dedicated to its surveillance remain the most reliable early warning system the Foundation possesses to detect and, when possible, prevent, potentially dangerous incursions within surveyed space. SCP-179 is able to determine which interplanetary objects pose a threat to Earth, humankind or the earthly biosphere, which makes it a critical asset for the Composite Orbital Early Warning System (COEWS) project of the Foundation, which currently involves SCP-███, SCP-████, SCP-██-████ and SCP-████, XCPOA-003 to -0421, Site-34, Site-103, Site-98, Area-08, Site-██, Site-███-█, █ and █ and Command Site-██, as well as several personnel embedded within different space agencies and international consortia related to space exploration. All data of interest related to or obtained through SCP-179 will be marked COEWS-179, which will be considered high priority information to all Foundation departments.
Addendum SCP-179-01: Notable Movements of SCP-179.
Item #: SCP-182
Object Class: Euclid
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-182 is to be kept in a small environmentally-sealed structure on an otherwise-uninhabited island situated 10km off the coast of Greenland. A team of five (5) guards are to be assigned to guard the subject at all times. Guards are to be examined for psychological damage once per month; guards who show any signs of damage are to be recalled from their post and are required to undertake a full course of psychiatric therapy prior to returning to duty. No single individual is to spend more than six (6) months at a stretch on 182 guard duty, and are required to spend a minimum of three (3) months on a different assignment before returning. Personnel are entitled to refuse this assignment if they have already spent a total of eight (8) months or more on the island. SCP-182 has requested to be kept under heavy sedation for 20 hours per day. Following Incident 182-7, this privilege has been revoked.
Description: SCP-182 is a Caucasian male, of average build, roughly 45 years of age, and has suffered heavy abdominal and cranial scarring at an unspecified point in the past (by subject's own admission, shortly before he was admitted into the care of the Foundation in 19██). SCP-182 is both deaf and mute, compensating for these disabilities with natural abilities.
SCP-182 has displayed the ability to passively enter the minds of other animals, including humans, and to perceive sight and sound through their senses, in effect 'riding' as a passenger in their minds. This has no consistent effect on personnel, and some guards have rotated on and off on a regular basis for the past ██ years without detrimental effects. However, prolonged exposure to SCP-182's passive 'sensory borrowing' results in vivid visual and auditory hallucinations in 97% of humans and 100% of nonhuman test subjects.
The effects in question vary widely in severity, but continued exposure after the onset will inevitably result in mental collapse, with said mental breakdown being hastened by proximity to SCP-182. SCP-182 has displayed the ability to consciously force hallucinations upon his guards when under duress, and as such it is advisable that subjects known to agitate SCP-182 be avoided (including mention of SCP-076-2, SCP-682, and SCP-182's own past prior to acquisition by the Foundation). Termination of affected personnel is recommended if they cannot distinguish between the hallucinations and reality, as all subjects allowed to reach such a point have invariably broken down, with brain death or permanent catatonia being the only possible outcomes. SCP-182 cannot control this ability with any appreciable degree of skill, and automatically sees and hears the perceptions of any living animals within ten (10) meters. Subject can 'focus' on specific directions outside of that range, but cannot 'ride' the senses of beings further away from it than thirty (30) meters.
SCP-182 additionally manifests the ability to project its thoughts into the mind of any individual whose senses it 'rides.' This mental 'speech' is the only known source of information about the subject, and has been described by guards as akin to being spoken to by a small human between their ears. SCP-182 exhibits no memetic or telepathic hazard stemming from this 'speech,' though subjects report that his 'voice' is always a component in their hallucinations.
Addendum 182-1: SCP-182 claims that the incident that resulted in the loss of its speech and hearing also manifested its telepathic talents. It is not presently clear whether this was a deliberate goal of the 'torture' subject was subjected to or whether the apparently life-or-death situation caused previously suppressed powers to manifest. Questioning in this vein is to be discouraged, as SCP-182 has become agitated in the past and has successfully attempted to accelerate the rate of mental breakdown in his handlers, resulting in ██ casualties during the first questioning.
Addendum 182-2: It has been suggested that SCP-182 be used as a “translator” with other SCPs who appear capable of thought, but not of communication. Given the side-effects of proximity to SCP-182, this request has been denied.
Incident Report 182-7
Item #: SCP-184
Object Class: Euclid
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-184 is not to be contained in any structure. SCP-184 is to be attached to a high-power electromagnet at all times. Should the electromagnet fail, agents are to report to SCP-184's containment area and prevent access to all unauthorized personnel until the electromagnet is restored to power. The containment area for SCP-184 is currently configured to resemble a park with SCP-184 and its containment magnet disguised as statuary. Any and all visitors are to be monitored.
Any structures affected by SCP-184 are to be demolished after review by [DATA EXPUNGED]. Final demolition approval or inclusion into SCP will also be determined by this body. No investigation is to be done into affected structures without approval and a rescue team on standby.
Description: SCP-184 is a small, smooth metallic object, 10 cm (4 in) tall and 10 cm (4 in) wide, in the shape of a dodecahedron. Each face of the figure has a circular hole in the center, and a small sphere is attached to each vertex. SCP-184 is made of an unknown, but highly magnetic, alloy about as hard as brass.
When inside an enclosed structure, SCP-184 expands the structure's inner dimensions without altering its outer dimensions. SCP-184 will increase the inner dimensions of any enclosed structure by several hundred meters each day, beginning one hour after entry into the structure. Initially, SCP-184 only extends the walls out, causing rooms to become much larger without adjusting the height of the room. This expansion continues until the original dimensions of the room have been tripled.
At this point, SCP-184 starts creating wholly new rooms. SCP-184 is apparently able to copy items from inside the structure, creating furnished rooms consistent with the rest of the structure. After a period of time, however, the expansion process appears to break down. For example, items will be made from inappropriate materials (glass books, a wooden microwave), rooms will be oddly-shaped, doors will open into blank walls, and hallways will be tiny or twist back around in long mazes. The new inside structures continue to be more and more odd, while the outside remains unchanged.
This behavior is most dramatically illustrated in homes; however, it has been observed in other instances, including a cardboard box. The changes do not go away with the removal of SCP-184, but no additional structures are created.
Addendum 184 - 1: Notes from Dr. █████
I don’t think I need to stress the fact that this thing can NEVER be allowed into Site-19. We may need to look into different containment at some point, but for the time being, we will keep it in the open, immovable, and hidden.
Addendum 184 - 2: Locations of Interest
It is currently hypothesized that SCP-184 or an anomaly with a similar effect may be responsible for the creation of Locations of Interest such as Backdoor SoHo, and Chūgoku Cellar. Investigation into SCP-184 as a potential origin for these spaces is ongoing.
Addendum 184 – 38RB: Notes on recovery
SCP-184 was recovered in the Kowloon Walled City in June of ████. Reports of the city's bizarre and explosive growth attracted Operatives, who soon learned of SCP-184, held in the possession of [DATA EXPUNGED]. After several police crackdowns, Mobile Task Force Zeta-9 was dispatched and recovered SCP-184 with minimal losses. The final effect of exposure to SCP-184 on both the City and inhabitants may never fully be understood due to the reckless actions of local law enforcement, which destroyed several affected sections of the city before Operatives could take action to prevent it.
Interviews with residents yielded minimal information, with a communal “wall of silence” being the major response. A few documents indicated that SCP-184 could be brought into a home and allowed to affect the dwelling for 50 pounds sterling per half hour. These documents were unconfirmed by residents.
Addendum 184 – 38RB-s: Additional Documentation.
Personal Log of Gordon Richards — Member of Mobile Task Force Zeta-9, the Mole Rats
« SCP-183 | SCP-184 | SCP-185 »
Cite this page as:
"SCP-184" by Dr Gears, from the SCP Wiki. Source: http://www.scpwiki.com/scp-184. Licensed under CC-BY-SA.
For more information, see Licensing Guide.
Licensing Disclosures
Item #: SCP-185
Object Class: Safe (Euclid class considered after incident 185-1. See document 185-1 for details.)
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-185 is to be kept in a soundproof room with noise-filtering microphones for monitoring purposes. Standard guard procedures are to be used for this object. Ear protection must be worn by all occupants in the chamber, excluding test subjects.
Description: SCP-185 appears to be a Russian R-105M radio used during the Cold War, except that it has a crudely-added keypad and LCD screen. The object can receive most radio transmissions, including encrypted signals. Attempts to determine how it can break even the strongest of encryptions have so far been fruitless. SCP-185 has a very long range, surpassing even modern radio equipment. It functions as a normal radio until input is added via the keypad. It seems that if a year is entered into the keypad, the radio will receive transmissions from the specified era (depending on if messages were being broadcast on the set frequency). This function was discovered when, upon entering the random number of 1939, Neville Chamberlain was heard declaring war on Germany. The possibility of experimenting with dates and times has been noted and is being researched. The possibility of entering future dates is being discussed; it has yet to be decided whether the benefits outweigh the risk of causing a time paradox. On the inside, the radio appears to be unaltered, and the keypad is contained in a box affixed to the side of the radio. Researchers cannot access the keypad due to the box being made from a metal that is yet to be identified. It cannot be cut and there are no determinable ways to disassemble it.
Addendum:
Item #: SCP-187
Object Class: Safe
Special Containment Procedure: SCP-187 is to be attended full-time by medical personnel, who are to tranquilize or sedate her as needed. She is to be kept under a full set of medical restraints to prevent her from harming herself; specifically, she is to wear padded mittens at all times, in order to prevent her from attempting to damage her own eyes.
If SCP-187 refuses to open her eyes during authorized testing, or during site inspections, the use of eyelid speculums is authorized. All statements made by SCP-187 during testing and site inspections are to be recorded and analyzed.
SCP-187 is to be prevented from interacting with D-Class personnel who are nearing the end of their 'cycle'.
SCP-187 is to be spoon-fed; mild tranquilizers are to be added to all her meals.
Description: SCP-187 is a Caucasian female, early to mid 20s, 180 cm tall, weighing 40 kg (approx 88 lb). She is suffering from severe malnutrition, and must be fed intravenously, as she refuses to eat any food given to her. She is recovering from the effects of severe malnutrition.
SCP-187 exhibits a unique form of precognition whereby she sees everything in two states simultaneously: as they are, and as they will be. She does not see minor changes, only changes to what would be considered the 'norm'. For example, in testing, when presented with five D-class personnel and asked which of them would change their clothes, she couldn't answer, as such a change isn't drastic enough. However, when presented with five D-class personnel and asked which would be shot, she was able to 'predict' which one, every time, as she could see the injury inflicted just by looking at him.
SCP-187 cannot foresee future events or changes to items at which she is not currently looking; rather, she can see the future state of whatever she is looking at. This has led to some unexpected consequences. For example:
As part of the usual tests performed on new human/humanoid SCP acquisitions, SCP-187 was given a standardized IQ test. When the results were collated, she was revealed to have an IQ in excess of 300 (the limits of the tests). This, of course, would have made her the most intelligent human being on the planet; however, her intellect did not seem that high based on her initial interviews. The test was repeated 4 times, and each time, she got the maximum possible score, answering every question correctly. When she was interviewed regarding this, she revealed that she did not actually know the answers to any of the questions; rather, she had seen the tests with the answers already filled in. When she was given a computerised IQ test, where her input didn't affect the future state of where she entered the answers (a keyboard, rather than a pen and paper), her IQ was revealed to be 97, slightly below average.
This happens with every written test presented to SCP-187 - she can see the answers in advance, based on what she herself is going to fill in, even if the tests are in a foreign language she does not understand. This presents a possible ontological paradox - an injection into the present of information from the future. Where this information, the correct answers, comes from is unknown, and possibly unknowable.
SCP-187 is suffering from ongoing psychological damage as a result of her anomaly: when, for instance, she is in the company of people who are soon to die, she simultaneously sees both their living, healthy selves, and their dead, sometimes decomposing corpses, depending on how far into the future they will die. As a result, pharmacological assistance is required to keep her lucid.
SCP-187 also refuses to eat, again due to her abilities. When presented with a plate of food, she will see it as either feces, or a semi-digested slop, while a glass of water will appear as a glass of urine. This is what is causing her severe malnutrition, and for this reason, she must be fed and hydrated intravenously.
Due to the effect that prolonged malnutrition is having on SCP-187's health, and the impact that 187's death would have on the Foundation's medium-term emergency planning, SCP-187 is to be blindfolded during meals. Mealtimes are to last no longer than 15 minutes, and must take place in a location for which SCP-187 has not predicted any significant changes.
Remarks and comments made by SCP-187 which turned out to be 'prophecies':
The divorce of Dr. ██████:
Item #: SCP-188
Object Class: Safe
Special Containment Procedures: As SCP-188 poses no direct threat to any Foundation assets, SCP-188 is to be contained in Storage Unit J6-455. Its presence is to be noted during the biweekly Survey of Site Assets. During this time, any environmental effects exerted by SCP-188 are to be reversed.
Description: SCP-188 is a volume of iridium metal hosting an effect that acts on a finite region around the object. With the exception of the regional effect, SCP-188 is, chemically and physically, an otherwise unremarkable sample of iridium metal. SCP-188 has a mass of 181.43 g and has been cast as a cylinder, with a radius of 1 cm and a length of 2.56 cm. SCP-188's current cylindrical shape is not its original form, but one convenient for experimental manipulation and storage.
The regional effect of SCP-188 induces changes in the environment. The changes take the form of discrete manipulations, such as scratches on surfaces or grouping and shaping of ambient material such as dust. These changes emerge over time and are widespread over the entire region of the effect. The changes show a high degree of complexity and structure, and have been seen to change with time. Further, the effect extends to all scales, and has included exceptionally small and intricate structures. When initially contained by the Foundation, SCP-188 consistently induced fractal motifs. Since containment, this has increasingly shifted to include spiral and flow motifs. Biological forms have emerged as a rare but consistent theme.
As the environment around it is manipulated, SCP-188's regional effect will extend outward. Testing has shown that this region will only extend outward to a volume encompassing an area of ~4000 m2.
Attempts to nullify SCP-188's effect have included placement in a Faraday cage, placement in a radiation containment device, powdering, and melting SCP-188. None of these attempts have diminished the regional effect in any way. Current proposals to vaporize SCP-188 and recondense small portions of the vapor are being explored.
SCP-188 first came to the attentions of a predecessor body to the Foundation on ██/██/192█ located at the rural Indiana properties of █████ ████████. After a thorough search, the object was found as a spike partially submerged in the ground, and appeared to be in the process of reshaping the local wheat crop through braiding together and flattening of stalks. No clear pattern had emerged at time of acquisition, though the effect had begun to extend over many meters. Though records are incomplete, it is known that efforts to contain the effect of the object failed. Embedding in bulk material, such as concrete or lead, did not diminish the initial size of the region the effect acted over. Further, these attempts ended with the object carving apart the containment sheath. The Foundation has evidence that more esoteric proposals were suggested, such as encasement in diamond. No evidence exists that these technologically sophisticated and resource intensive proposals were followed up on.
When this parent organization was folded into the Foundation, the object and any existing records were inherited and placed under the SCP-188 classification. When the "crop circle" fad emerged, efforts were taken to determine if there was a connection between the crop-circle makers and the effects caused by SCP-188. Investigation showed no connection beyond the superficial, and it is the opinion of the O5s that the similarity is a coincidence.
Proposals to explore or to illustrate any statistical consistency in the effect SCP-188 has upon its environment are being accepted and evaluated. At this time, due to the lack of inherent danger posed by SCP-188 in its current containment, proposals requiring extreme measures or contact with other SCPs are not encouraged.
« SCP-187 | SCP-188 | SCP-189 »
Cite this page as:
"SCP-188" by snorlison, from the SCP Wiki. Source: http://www.scpwiki.com/scp-188. Licensed under CC-BY-SA.
For more information, see Licensing Guide.
Licensing Disclosures
Item #: SCP-191
Object Class: Safe
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-191 is currently housed in a 6 m x 6 m room at Site-17. To date, SCP-191 has not made any requests for furnishings or entertainment.
Current furnishings include:
SCP-191 is to be dressed in loose, sleeveless garments made of 100% long-staple cotton. Fresh clothing will be provided once daily, with used garments sterilized according to standard procedures. Bathing is to be done once every evening, in a washtub filled with a solution of water and baking soda. Feeding (in the form of a sterile saline solution supplemented with vitamins, minerals, antibiotics, and a mild anesthetic) shall be carried out twice a day via injection into a metallic tube located in the base of the neck.
SCP-191 is capable of limited self-care, including draining waste and recharging internal batteries. A log shall be kept of power consumption, and any unusual changes in power usage reported to supervising staff.
Daily inspections for injury should be carried out after bathing. Should SCP-191 require medical care, refer to documents 191-Alpha (Special Medical Needs) and 191-Alpha Supplemental (Repair of Non-Biological Components) before administering care.
At least two armed guards are to be present in the room any time that personnel have contact with SCP-191, although a translucent screen may be utilized for privacy purposes. Standard anti-computer countermeasures are ineffective, as SCP-191's components have been hardened against electromagnetic pulse (EMP).
Description: SCP-191 is a female human child, approximately █ years old. It is believed to have been a test subject of several experimental surgeries performed by the late Dr. █████ █████████ (see below).
1. 80% of the left half of the face and skull have been removed, with the eye and ear replaced by a complex transceiver system that allows it to receive and transmit not only visual and auditory input, but a wider spectrum of electromagnetic radiation ranging from low frequency radio to high-energy gamma rays. The lower jaw, teeth, and larynx have been removed and replaced with [DATA EXPUNGED]. The esophagus has been rerouted to an artificial orifice at the back of the neck (feeding tube), and the trachea rerouted directly to an air filtration device. Due to these alterations, SCP-191 is incapable of speech, although it has been reported occasionally vocalizing distress through rapid respiration.
2. An input-output device has been placed into the right forearm, replacing the radius and ulna bones. The device contains interfaces for a variety of modern and obsolete formats, including USB, Ethernet, Firewire, and DIN-8 pin, as well as seven (7) other interfaces corresponding to no known formats. The device can be accessed by pulling back the skin over the right arm like a shirt sleeve.
3. A 24-core processor array has been implanted in the brain, which "translates" input from all artificial components, essentially allowing SCP-191 to read and write computer data without the use of an external interface. Internal communication is carried out through fiber optic cables implanted through the glial cells and the entire nervous system. Damage to the brain stem and cerebellum due to the implantation procedure has severely damaged SCP-191's motor skills.
4. The right hand and right foreleg have been replaced with artificial components, consisting primarily of steel, carbon-fiber, and an unknown polymer-like substance. The exposed areas of tissue are susceptible to injury and infection: due to damage to the spinothalamic tract, SCP-191 has reduced pain and temperature sensitivity in its limbs. Reconstructive surgery by Dr. ███ was able to provide some relief, but regular doses of antibiotics and analgesics are still required.
5. [DATA EXPUNGED]
6. The lungs, heart, and major blood vessels have been replaced with mechanical analogues. It has been determined that this system would allow SCP-191’s bodily systems to be restarted after death, and may have actually [DATA EXPUNGED].
7. The digestive system has been completely reconfigured to the point where regular food intake is both unnecessary and dangerous. Waste is now disposed of via a drainage system located in the lower back and consists of a thick, dark gray viscous slime consisting primarily of [DATA EXPUNGED].
8. The reproductive organs (uterus, ovaries, etc.) have been removed and replaced with [DATA EXPUNGED]. According to █████████'s notes, this was done to "provide extra space by removing non-vital components." Hormone therapy has been proposed to counteract the long-term effects of the missing glands: this proposal is under review pending analysis of possible complications due to [DATA EXPUNGED].
9. [DATA EXPUNGED]
10. At least fifteen (15) other alterations of unknown purpose. Given this fact, and the haphazard integration of the "useful" components, it is believed that they were performed merely to test the viability of such procedures on other subjects. Investigations are underway as to whether Dr. █████████ was planning to [DATA EXPUNGED]. At present, any theories as to the purpose behind these alterations are speculative at best, as Dr. █████████ died during the raid in which SCP-191 was recovered (see notes below), and the only surviving records of his research are a single, half-burned spiral-bound notebook consisting mostly of cryptic notes regarding a "higher purpose."
History: SCP-191 was recovered by Foundation agents during a brief collaborative effort with the Global Occult Coalition, in which a raid was conducted on the laboratory of Dr. █████████, a suspected member of ████████ ████. SCP-191 was the only test subject recovered from the laboratory: all other test subjects expired during the raid (either disposed of by Dr. █████████, or eliminated as hostiles by the task force).
Preliminary assessment concluded that full reconstruction was impossible, that the components introduced were too technologically advanced to risk becoming widely known, and that it could be a source of valuable data regarding [DATA EXPUNGED] if kept alive. Subject was classified SCP-191 and moved to Site-██ on ██-██-████. Its disappearance, and those of the other test subjects, was later blamed on a local serial killer who was arranged to be killed in prison while awaiting trial.
Addendum 191-01: Testing of SCP-191's abilities has commenced.
Psychological Analysis by Dr. Glass
Item #: SCP-192
Object Class: Safe
Containment Procedures have been updated as per successful move operation 192-M-1471607220 from Site-██A. Please see Addendum 192-M-D for historical information.
Item #: SCP-194
Object Class: Safe
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-194 is contained in a standard anomalous vehicle containment unit.
Description: SCP-194 is a red-painted rowboat, designed to seat two people.
Addendum 194.A (Object Class): Euclid
Addendum 194.B (Special Containment Procedures): The object presently designated SCP-194 is contained in a concrete mausoleum located in a New Orleans cemetery, the location of which is included in attached file 194-LOC-A. The mausoleum is to be checked for damage or deterioration once every 30 days. Any reality-restructuring effects of SCP-194 which appear to impact the space outside of it should be reported to containment staff.
Due to the effects of SCP-194-Z upon the SCP-194 designation, the acting documentation of SCP-194-Z is presented in the form of various addenda to the acting SCP-194 designation. Any secondary classifications are to be assigned in reverse alphabetical order (i.e. SCP-194-Z), and all addenda are to be designated alphabetically, rather than numerically (i.e. Addendum 194.A). This is to prevent conflict with documentation applied to the SCP-194 designation.
Despite changes to the SCP-194 designation, Addenda 194.A through 194.C describe the true nature of SCP-194-Z, and will remain unaltered regardless of other edits.
Addendum 194.C (Description): SCP-194-Z refers to a phenomenon surrounding the SCP-194 designation. Various objects are assigned to the SCP-194 designation at various times, causing the SCP-194 file to be altered based on the affected object. Only one object can be assigned to the SCP-194 slot at any time, causing minor retroactive alterations to support the containment of each object in Foundation custody.
Notably, most affected objects assigned to the SCP-194 designation are non-anomalous in nature.
The following is a transcript of CCTV Recording 139-DC-732, taken 04/23/2019, in Site-139. No relevant video was recorded; only audio.
SUBJECT 1: Hey.
SUBJECT 2: Oh. Hey.
SUBJECT 1: So, um, on Tuesday—
SUBJECT 2: Something came up.
SUBJECT 1: Well, okay, would you like to—
SUBJECT 2: You know, I'm…I'm really busy these days, it makes it kinda tough to…you know. Be social.
SUBJECT 1: Uh-huh.
SUBJECT 2: So like, I appreciate it. Like…I appreciate you…my coworker, wanting to socialize with me, as coworkers, outside of work, but sometimes it's just not…going to happen. You get that, right?
SUBJECT 1: Well I mean…I guess I thought—
SUBJECT 2: (Deep sigh) We are coworkers, Garth. I was under the impression this was going to be a friendly after-work chit-chat. And your texts—
SUBJECT 1: Oh, I was just…playing around, ya know, it—
SUBJECT 2: No, it's not really—
SUBJECT 3: Excuse me, Laura, do you have a second?
SUBJECT 2: Yeah. (footsteps)
Addendum 194.E: Testing Logs
 
« SCP-193 | SCP-194 | SCP-195 »
Cite this page as:
"SCP-194" by CalibriBold and CityToast, from the SCP Wiki. Source: http://www.scpwiki.com/scp-194. Licensed under CC-BY-SA.
For more information, see Licensing Guide.
Licensing Disclosures
Item #: SCP-195
Object Class: Euclid
Special Containment Procedures: One case containing seventeen (17) bottles of SCP-195 exists in Foundation custody. It is kept in a number three Secure Containment Locker unit in the Safe-class storage section of Site-1279. Access to SCP-195 requires written authorisation from no fewer than two Level Four personnel and accompaniment by a member of site security. Due to the untested possibility of exposure due to the inhalation of evaporated SCP-195, access requires full level-C HAZMAT kit including respirator gear.
It is possible that further instances of SCP-195 exist. All recovery agents are advised to make note of bottles of similar style or bearing similar labels to contained samples of SCP-195, as well as [REDACTED]. Should further instances of SCP-195 be discovered, they are to be collected by a temporary containment team in full HAZMAT kit including respirators.
Description: SCP-195 is a "medicinal whiskey" sold by a pair of traveling salesmen in the pre-Civil War South. Various historical sources agree that the "whiskey" was targeted primarily to the slavecatchers of that era, and was advertised as having "mind-enhancing" properties. These sources agree that the salesmen were often driven out of town when the side effects of their concoction were discovered, and were "…hanged for their devilsh ways [sic]" on at least two occasions.
When a subject consumes any quantity of SCP-195, they will initially react in a manner consistent with the consumption of an equal quantity of "gutrot" whiskey or moonshine. Within a short span of time (time frame varies by subject), they begin to experience heightened awareness and increased sensory input (taste, touch, smell, et cetera). This effect of the "whiskey" was advertised by its salesmen and was the reason for its target audience. With this heightened sensory capability, however, comes a general decrease in impulse control and heightened fight-or-flight response which has, in testing, been shown to lead to markedly increased levels of violent behavior. This response is theorized to explain the brutality shown by [DATA EXPUNGED].
D-Class under the effect of SCP-195 were capable of and willing to [DATA EXPUNGED]ing to enjoy the violence of the act. D-183578 (first-degree murder, rape; terminated) expressed a desire to "rip the █████'s head off with my teeth" [sic]. Further testing on the capacities of SCP-195 is deemed unnecessary. Late research assistant Renfield has been posthumously awarded a Foundation citation for performance above and beyond the requirements of duty.
D-12322 (protocol 12) one month after consuming a bottle of SCP-195
After the "whiskey's" effects wear off, the test subjects will generally return to normal, with the exception of those who [DATA EXPUNGED]. Within a month, however, all subjects will experience a generalized feeling of ennui coupled with fatigue. MRI scans at this stage show development of ulcer-like wounds in the stomach and lungs. These continue to spread indefinitely until the death of the subject. Additionally, the subject's skin and muscle structure begins to degrade, particularly around points of stress or motion. This degradation also continues indefinitely or until the death of the subject.
SCP-195 was discovered by the ██-year-old son of a historian in ██████, Alabama, in late 20██. Mr. ████████'s arrest and sentencing for the murder of [REDACTED] was an item of minor interest in local news in the area. The Foundation became interested in Mr. ████████'s case when he was admitted to a hospital, at which point the unusual degradation of his skin and organs was noted by Foundation informants in the medical community and traced back to an antebellum home where he had assisted his father in cataloging various items of historical interest. A Foundation team was dispatched to the home and located an open case containing ██ bottles of SCP-195.
Addendum: Historical sources' descriptions of the salesmen seem to agree that one man was blond and unusually tall while the other had dark hair and walked with a stoop. Both men had "…strange bright eyes [sic]" and wore matching ████████. [REDACTED] match current Fac[DATA EXPUNGED] remain uncaptured. All personnel are reminded that the capture [DATA EXPUNGED]vel six priority.
« SCP-194 | SCP-195 | SCP-196 »
Cite this page as:
"SCP-195" by tunedtoadeadchannel, from the SCP Wiki. Source: http://www.scpwiki.com/scp-195. Licensed under CC-BY-SA.
For more information, see Licensing Guide.
Licensing Disclosures
Item #: SCP-196
Object Class: Euclid/Keter
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-196 must be kept wholly ignorant of any information regarding the reason for his containment. The subject is to be kept in a two room cell inside Site-17. This cell is to be furnished with whatever SCP-196 requests as long as the request does not show any obvious likely lethal use and does not violate any SCP procedure. Subject must cohabit with at least one (1) member of the Site's Level 2 security personnel who must be armed exclusively with non-lethal weaponry. Subject is allowed to freely wander the installation if accompanied by at least one (1) member of Site-17's security personnel. Note that all staff below Level 3 have been told he is a Safe class object. SCP-196 has agreed to wear a satellite tracking anklet. Subject was told that removal of this anklet would result in his death, but this is not actually the case. SCP-196 displays no extraordinary physical ability, thus probability of escape is negligible.
Description: SCP-196 appears to be a middle-aged male, under two (2) meters tall, of African-American descent. He claims to be forty-seven years old. Subject has black hair and brown eyes. There are no abnormal physical characteristics. Subject displays all basic needs of a normal human being. Subject tested with an I.Q. of 109, well within normal parameters. Subject's psychological examination indicated that he suffers from institutionalization and Stockholm Syndrome in relation to the Foundation's security staff. SCP-196 demonstrates no Euclid-type or other abnormal abilities.
Note: I've run the full battery of tests & the exam says that the guy is normal. -Dr. ███████
Addendum 196-01: Those with Level 4 Security Clearance should see document #196-01 for information regarding SCP-196's origin and subsequent Keter classification.
Security Clearance Adequate: Access Authorized
Item #: SCP-198
Object Class: Euclid
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-198 is located in a secure room of Site-██ with armed guards posted outside to prevent any unauthorized access. SCP-198 is to be stored under 24-hour video surveillance in a sealed and locked case (0.5 m x 0.5 m x 0.5 m) and the key kept in a secured location accessible only to those personnel with Level 3 clearance and above. Under no circumstances are any Foundation personnel to handle SCP-198. All handling of SCP-198 is to be done via remote robotic means or by D-class test subjects only.
In light of Incident 198-A and Incident 198-B, Object Class has been elevated to Euclid and Containment Protocol 198 has been established. SCP-198’s case must now be kept on a digital scale attached to an alarm system with redundant backups for power in its secure room. Any deviations in weight will indicate a breach and Site Supervisors must immediately enact Containment Protocol 198 detailed below.
Description: SCP-198 has taken numerous forms since coming into Foundation possession in 19██. Since acquisition, SCP-198 has been observed to have had dozens of different forms including a Styrofoam cup, █████████ brand glass beer bottle, ██████ and ████-████ brand aluminum soda cans, an oversized shot glass that read “One Tequila, Two Tequila, Three Tequila, Floor”, a plastic water bottle with a █████ label partially peeled off, and [DATA EXPUNGED]. These forms always appear partially filled with the expected liquid a vessel of that type would contain.
Currently, SCP-198 appears as an ordinary white, porcelain coffee mug with blue, vertical stripes evenly spaced around its exterior. There are no visible manufacturer markings or otherwise remarkable details about its appearance in its current form. The object has resisted all attempts at destruction or sampling for further analysis. When inactive, SCP-198 can hold the expected 240 mL (8 fl oz) of liquid that any standard coffee mug would hold.
Anomalous behavior does not manifest until a live human being grasps SCP-198 to hold it. Approximately 2 - 5 seconds after the SCP is held, it will instantly bond itself through unknown, albeit painful means to the handler’s hand or hands. Test subjects have reported the pain of bonding with SCP-198 as a “searing” or “fiery” sensation, though no heat can be detected by outside observers or instruments. The use of gloves or other barriers between the object and the hand does not prevent the bonding process so long as the subject can still grip SCP-198. Extensive testing has revealed that the bond appears to be at the molecular level and is permanent until the death of its holder. To date, no means have been found to break the bond including cutting or severing the fingers or hand of the holder as any wounds below the wrist of the test subject heal instantaneously. Further proposed testing of the range of healing up the handler’s arm is pending approval.
Once bonded, any liquid inside SCP-198 will disappear and the container will inexplicably begin to fill from the bottom-up with a fluid or a semi-solid material, stopping only once it reaches the top of the container. The liquid or semi-solid is different for each holder, but it has to date been a bodily fluid or human excretion in each test instance. Such instances have included human saliva, sweat, blood, bile, mucus, urine, feces, and [DATA EXPUNGED] as well as combinations of two or more of these.
Once SCP-198 has filled, the holder will undergo rapid dehydration and/or emaciation, becoming increasingly malnourished to the point of death, which usually occurs within 24 hours if nothing is done to prevent it. Ingestion of standard foods, liquids, or I.V.-supplied nutrients does nothing to reverse or slow this process. Testing has revealed that the only means by which the subject can gain nourishment is by consuming the contents of SCP-198; however, the constant rate of dehydration and emaciation remains the same, forcing the test subject to consume vast quantities of the excretions almost constantly to remain alive. As the contents are consumed or – as is often the case – dumped out of the container, SCP-198 will continue to refill itself automatically. Test subjects have lasted as long as 70 hours by consuming the excretions before finally succumbing to exhaustion or refusing to consume any more of the contents, which invariably leads to death.
Upon expiration of the handler, the bond with SCP-198 is broken and the object can once again be manipulated. In approximately 75% of test instances, SCP-198 will disappear once the bond is broken and reappear almost instantly on a nearby flat surface, seemingly with a preference for tables or shelves within the same room, and take on a new form. Approximately 90% of these reappearances of SCP-198 are within the general vicinity of the now deceased handler, but several times the object has been observed to reappear in nearby containment rooms, observation rooms, and in one case [DATA EXPUNGED]. Due to the catastrophic nature of that incident, extreme care is to be taken when in proximity to SCP-198’s containment or testing room. Foundation personnel are urged not to bring with them any beverages or containers within 100 m of SCP-198’s containment room even when the object is not actively being researched.
SCP-198 was acquired by the Foundation from an underground bunker in ███████, Germany, after the bunker’s accidental discovery by construction workers. Reports of strange activity and deaths among the construction company regarding this bunker brought the object to Foundation attention. Agent ██████, upon responding to the location, discovered several deceased and grossly emaciated corpses, both recent and some quite old. Unaware of the nature of their deaths or the SCP in question, Agent ██████ sealed off the area and awaited back-up. It was then that the nature of the SCP object revealed itself as the Agent mistakenly grabbed what appeared to be an unopened bottle of water from a table at the construction site. Backup arrived to find an extremely agitated Agent ██████ vomiting and struggling to remove from his hand a cup full of fresh [DATA EXPUNGED]. Agent ██████ later self-terminated during location clean-up.
Incident 198-A:
Item #: SCP-199
Object Class: Plant
Containment Class: Euclid
Special Containment Procedures: A garden of SCP-199 has been built at Site-19 for research and containment. The garden is kept in a ventilated containment unit with artificial light suitable for plant growth and an automatic watering system. The ceiling is covered with an electrified grate capable of destroying instances of SCP-199-2. The entire chamber is to be surrounded with a Faraday cage to prevent emission of SCP-199-3.
Instances of SCP-199 or SCP-199-2 found outside of containment are to be destroyed with fire or pesticides.
Description: SCP-199 is a species of fern within the Hymenophyllaceae family. SCP-199 is tangentially related to filmy ferns, but is more tolerant to temperature, humidity, pollution, and external damage. The rhizomes of the plants can attach to and grow on most solid surfaces. SCP-199’s appearance is similar of that of thallose liverworts, but its fronds are unique to its species.
The fronds of SCP-199 will form into bladders approximately 10 cm in diameter, designated SCP-199-2. Eventually, they will fill with hydrogen gas generated by SCP-199, detach from the main plant, and drift into the air. SCP-199-2 will eventually float at one mile above sea level, and begin to ripen. During this period, SCP-199-2 will emit SCP-199-3 at an initial rate of one signal per hour, steadily increasing as SCP-199-2 ripens. Once SCP-199-2 is ripe, it will burst, releasing its contents.
In most cases, SCP-199-2 is empty, and its explosion will not have any consequences. Occasionally, the explosion of SCP-199-2 will release seeds that grow into new instances of SCP-199.
SCP-199-3 refers to radio signals produced by SCP-199-2. All radio signals consist of a high-pitched male voice, speaking in Mandarin Chinese, giving "analysis reports" consisting of observations made from SCP-199-2 and "status reports" of SCP-199-2 itself. Analysis of SCP-199-2 has shown that neither the source of the voice nor the radio signals exist, as most instances of SCP-199-2 are empty.
SCP-199 seems to thrive in polluted environments, implying that it is adapted to grow in heavily populated areas. In addition, SCP-199 is resistant to most pesticides. SCP-199 is most commonly seen growing in chimneys, gardens of large cities, and inside of industrial factories.
SCP-199 was originally discovered after residents of Xi’an, China reported balloon-like objects colliding with hotels and interference with radio devices. The source of SCP-199-2 was found to be a patch of it within the center of the city. Instances of SCP-199 have since been discovered in several large cities, most notably New York City, Los Angeles, San Francisco, Beijing, and Tokyo.
Analysis of SCP-199-3:
Item #: SCP-201
Object Class: Euclid
Special Containment Procedures: No personnel are to come within forty meters of SCP-201 at any time. Any and all work done with SCP-201 is to be performed via remotely controlled drone. Any personnel entering the containment area must be accompanied by two members of security. All personnel in containment area must wear a restraint harness with safety rope attached to the wall. Rope will allow access to within three meters of the minimum safe area. Exceeding this distance will result in physical removal from containment area and formal discipline.
Those affected by SCP-201 are to have time and date of exposure, disappearance, and return, along with any and all personal information, recorded in Log ███████. Subjects who reappear are to be recovered as soon as possible by Agents and debriefed immediately.
Description: SCP-201 appears to be a very old piece of medical equipment, superficially resembling an IV stand, but with many other glass and metal items attached to it. SCP-201 stands 1.8 m (6 ft) tall and has a mass of 36.5 kg (80 lbs). The metal portions are made of steel and brass, and various parts are connected with rubber tubing. The two “IV bags” are porcelain and are open at the top. SCP-201 was recovered in ████████████████ Hospital, in a long-unused storage area. No record of SCP-201 appears anywhere in hospital records.
Entering within thirty meters of SCP-201 can result in the subject being displaced into an alternate reality. This effect is apparently random, with some subjects remaining totally unaffected after exposure to SCP-201. Those affected will cease to exist in our reality between one and forty-eight hours after initial exposure. Durations of displacement vary between a few hours and upwards of eight years. Time spent in this alternate reality can vary greatly from actual time elapsed in our reality.
This alternate world appears identical to our own, with these exceptions:
Subjects displaced to this “alternate world” report initial surprise and curiosity, which are shortly replaced with very strong feelings of loneliness and fear. The severity varies widely with individual subjects and with time of displacement. Upon the end of displacement, subject will re-integrate from this “alternate world” to our own, which can cause a great deal of shock, especially in urban settings. Most subjects who remain displaced for more than three months suffer lasting psychological damage consistent with being sequestered within solitary confinement.
In addition, reports of intermittent, fragmentary broadcasts have been returned by subjects attempting to repair power to media devices such as televisions and radios. It is unclear if these are real or the product of the degraded mental states of those remaining long enough to complete said projects, but reports consistently resemble automated messages prepared by the Foundation in contingency for XK-Class Scenarios. Testing will commence if viable samples can be recovered.
« SCP-200 | SCP-201 | SCP-202 »
Cite this page as:
"SCP-201" by Dr Gears, from the SCP Wiki. Source: http://www.scpwiki.com/scp-201. Licensed under CC-BY-SA.
For more information, see Licensing Guide.
Licensing Disclosures
Item #: SCP-206
Object Class: Euclid
Special Containment Procedures: As SCP-206 is currently unable to be secured, an information suppression plan has been put into effect to conceal its existence. Frequencies known to be used by SCP-206 are to be monitored, and all images relayed to Earth via other probes or satellites deleted from non-Foundation assets after they have been retrieved. Technology and astronomy websites, journals and periodicals are to be monitored for discussion of the rover or the receipt of unusual photographs (see Document 206-AA12 for complete list). Persons who become aware of the existence of SCP-206 are to be administered amnestics.
UPDATE - 30/11/20██: As orbital observation of SCP-206 has proven possible, agents within satellite and aerial imaging organizations are directed to keep watch for instances of SCP-206, and remove the images concerned. Deployment of 'image corruption' cover story suggested.
Description: SCP-206 is a Martian exploratory rover (Designation - Invictus) launched on 12/08/20██ as part of a joint Russian Space Research Institute / European Space Agency effort. (Exact object specifications are listed in Document 206-AA1.) Despite a successful launch aboard a Soyuz-FG rocket, telemetry data was lost on 16/01/20██, roughly halfway to Mars. Attempts to re-establish communication failed, and on 10/02/20██ the craft was declared lost.
On 08/06/20██ (a day after Invictus was planned to arrive on the Martian surface) a connection was established with ESA flight control on the rover's assigned frequency. Before terminating at the source, 38 photographs were transmitted, appearing to show views of the expected landing zone in the Victoria Crater. Three days later, a further batch of 11 images was received, showing a drastically different location (later determined to be in the Cydonia Mensae, roughly 2500km due south).
The Foundation was informed of the incidents by operatives at the ESA shortly thereafter, and moved to investigate. Containment procedures were instituted on 21/06/20██, when ESA Control received a batch of 5 images showing panoramic views of the Martian surface, apparently taken from its satellite Deimos. How the rover (which, as designed, is rated at maximum speed of 90m per hour on flat ground) traveled between these locations is currently unknown.
SCP-206 contacts Earth sporadically, utilizing its original channel, [DATA REDACTED]. Once a connection is established, it uploads a number of images in varying formats. Pictures received do not always correspond to the hardware originally installed on Invictus, though the signature and session initiation packets match those programmed.
Tracking stations have received a total of ████ images. A large number of these images (roughly 38%) appear to have been taken on Earth, or worlds similar to it (differing in some detail). The remaining photographs seem to have been taken on, or in the region of, various celestial bodies, only a small percentage of which are currently identified. Periods between transmission vary considerably; the shortest registered to date is 26 hours, the longest 511 hours.
Despite visual confirmation of the existence of something resembling the rover (see Addendum 206-1) no trace of it has been found in the received images, even when the scene includes a reflective surface. Further, a number of photographs show locations exceedingly difficult, if not impossible for a rover the size and shape of Invictus to access.
Addendum 206-01: At the time containment procedures were instituted, it was unknown whether the transmissions originated from the probe itself, or if an unknown entity had simply co-opted the frequency and was impersonating the rover.
However, on 13/08/20██, SCP-206 transmitted a photograph of what was identified as a portion of a Lunar Ranging Retro Reflector. Nearby orbital assets were re-tasked to survey the relevant regions, revealing tracks closely resembling those a rover the size and shape of Invictus could be expected to leave. On 30/11/20██ Japanese lunar orbiter SELENE captured the vehicle itself during a camera calibration session over the Copernicus Crater. Four hours later, SCP-206 uploaded a new image showing a view of the same region. Since then, SCP-206 has been captured by several satellites in various locales - see Sighting Log SCP-206.
Addendum 206-02: Though SCP-206 generally uses [DATA REDACTED], on at least 5 occasions images have been transmitted to (or via) civilian or military space assets. No connection between the image sets in question has been found. See Incident Log SCP-206 for more details.
« SCP-205 | SCP-206 | SCP-207 »
Cite this page as:
"SCP-206" by Dugong, from the SCP Wiki. Source: http://www.scpwiki.com/scp-206. Licensed under CC-BY-SA.
For more information, see Licensing Guide.
Licensing Disclosures
Item #: SCP-207
Object Class: Safe
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-207 is to be stored in a waterproofed locking metal container measuring 1 m x 0.5 m x 0.5 m. The key is to be issued to the current head researcher of Site-██'s bio-containment area. SCP-207 is to be retained inside this area at all times, and all personnel entering the area should be checked for any food or drink items, in addition to any other searches required. Any staff seen ingesting SCP-207-1 are to be retained for future study, with all Foundation clearance levels removed.
All vending machines in Site-██ are to only dispense clear carbonated beverages; any variation from transparent is to be investigated immediately.
Description: SCP-207 refers to a crate containing 24 Coca-Cola brand cola drinks. The bottles are designated SCP-207-A to -X. SCP-207-B is currently the active bottle for testing, and no other bottles are to be opened without authorisation from two Level 4 researchers. All bottles have been clearly labelled to aid identification. The liquid held inside these has been confirmed to be identical across all of SCP-207, and should not be ingested outside of supervised testing. The liquid has been classified as SCP-207-1, and is to be treated as a Class 2 chemical hazard. SCP-207-1 does not appear to alter with age; however, the active testing bottle should have its protective cover kept on outside of removing liquid for testing.
Mass spectroscopy and chemical tests have shown higher than usual concentrations of caffeine and sugars (both natural and artificial), along with [REDACTED]. The practical effect of this is when a subject drinks SCP-207-1, they will effectively no longer require sleep or rest, nor attempt to sleep or rest. This effect is not lessened by any soporific or medication yet tested on test subjects. However, only a quantity larger than five (5) millilitres will cause this effect. The reason for this lower boundary existing has not been found, although it is hypothesised by Dr. C█████ that [REDACTED]. As such, unless authorised by two Level 3 researchers, only five (5) millilitres of SCP-207-1 is to be used for testing. Amounts higher than this have shown no difference in effect, with the exception of the Subject SCP-207 was recovered from (See addendum).
In addition to removing the need for rest, SCP-207-1 also causes an increase in motor, reaction, and psychological functions. The increase is linear in progression, with an estimated 50% increase (measured by standard medical protocols, +/-5%) every 6 hours. The practical application of ingestion is that the subject is able to think, react, and move faster than others who have not ingested SCP-207-1. Mental proficiencies show the IQ of the subject to rise in line with other increases.
However, SCP-207-1 does not alter the body of affected subjects. Physiology remains unchanged, and as such, can rarely support the increase in activity. No subjects have lasted longer than 48 hours during testing, with the cause of death varying from massive internal organ failure to exsanguination due to major artery ruptures. Subjects also begin to show stress after roughly 24 hours, usually making each movement extremely carefully, in order to avoid accidents. Tests SCP-207-Alpha and -Rho have shown that after approximately 24 hours, the increases caused by SCP-207-1 mean subjects can easily underestimate their speed. Most specifically, in test SCP-207-Rho, the subject was able to escape the containment area, despite a five (5) metre wall. However, this caused the test subject's internal bone structure [DATA EXPUNGED].
Addendum: SCP-207 was recovered from ███████ College, after reports of student ████ █████ moving from failing grades in all areas (including physical sports) to top percentile marks, and record-breaking performances in physical areas. Agent ██████, embedded in the local police force, brought ████ █████ in for interview. Subject revealed the existence of SCP-207 during the interview; however, escape attempt while Class A Amnestics were being administered resulted in the subject violently [DATA EXPUNGED]. Cause of death: organ failure due to massive internal hemorrhage. As SCP-207-A was empty on recovery, it is believed ingesting a full bottle [REDACTED].
SCP-207 recovered from subject's home, SCP-207-A already empty. ████ █████ reported to local police force as missing person; no further cause for surveillance of ███████ College required at this time.
« SCP-206 | SCP-207 | SCP-208 »
Cite this page as:
"SCP-207" by Aeish, from the SCP Wiki. Source: http://www.scpwiki.com/scp-207. Licensed under CC-BY-SA.
For more information, see Licensing Guide.
Licensing Disclosures
Item #: SCP-208
Object Class: Safe
Special Containment Procedures: Due to his docile manner, minimum containment procedures are to be applied to SCP-208. SCP-208 is to be housed in a 10 m x 10 m room decorated in traditional Egyptian style, furnished with a single couch and a stereo system stocked with music of North African origin of any era. Surveillance is to be maintained during all movement outside of containment. SCP-208 is approved to operate at Site-17’s medical wing.
Description: SCP-208 appears to be a short, stout man of Egyptian heritage, possessing a great deal of hair over much of his body. Along his brow is a mane similar to a lion's in shape and color, which grows down to a significant beard. SCP-208 typically wears an Egyptian tunic, similar to that of typical Old Kingdom military, although occasionally this is replaced by modern military fatigues.
SCP-208 is capable of inducing rapid cellular regeneration and reconfiguration within organic life forms, which amounts to the ability to quickly and effectively heal most physical ailments. This is performed by a unique form of electromagnetic radiation released from SCP-208’s body, which acts on a wavelength that oscillates with four degrees of freedom rather than three. The electromagnetic radiation displays unusual pulse phenomena. Furthermore, the energy of the radiation decays over distance in a fashion incompatible with the inverse-squared model. This radiation is emitted from SCP-208 naturally in small doses, and can be released in greater amounts when focused. Personnel have noted that being near SCP-208 provokes a feeling of wellness and ease, making him quite popular with the security staff. This radiation also possesses the ability of warding off ill intent, to the point of acting as a physical barrier to naturally malicious beings. What causes this is unknown, but MRI scanning of Class D personnel taken from death row in the presence of SCP-208 detected an unidentifiable pattern of neurons firing. This activity coincided with a feeling of extreme unease on behalf of the subject, as he tried to flee the secure containment chamber. It is speculated that the neural activity activates the acute stress response in human subjects, stimulating the “fight-or-flight” instinct. What causes it to affect non-human subjects is still unknown.
Despite his appearance, SCP-208 is jovial and friendly to staff, and enjoys the company of others. Due to his good behavior and willingness to cooperate, SCP-208 has been permitted access to most common areas within Site-17. Known to most staff as “Bes”, SCP-208 has been adopted as an assistant in the medical wing of Site-17, a position he seems to have fit into naturally. SCP-208 is also fond of children, and has been noted to be very protective of what he considers the innocent. The only thing to inspire aggressive behavior from SCP-208 has been snakes, for which he has expressed a deep hatred.
SCP-208 was originally discovered in █████, Egypt, during a search for SCP-███ along the Nile River. While SCP agents began digging into sediment in the Nile Delta, Dr. ██████ spotted a foot sticking out of the river bed. Further excavation revealed that it was connected to a great block of granite. Recovered and brought to Sector-██, SCP-208 was exhumed from the stone after surprising a researcher who discovered that he was still alive. After examination had been concluded, SCP-208 was moved to Site-17 as a Safe class SCP.
Addendum 208-A: Comparison testing of SCP-500 showed that it still serves as a much more effective cure. SCP-208 commented that he still tells better jokes.
« SCP-207 | SCP-208 | SCP-209 »
Cite this page as:
"SCP-208" by Dr Kondraki, from the SCP Wiki. Source: http://www.scpwiki.com/scp-208. Licensed under CC-BY-SA.
For more information, see Licensing Guide.
Licensing Disclosures
Item #: SCP-211
Object Class: Safe
Special Containment Procedures: Because of the suburban location of SCP-211, the surrounding neighborhood has been vacated through intentional introduction of pollutive industry and redistricting, to promote “NIMBY” sentiment. In addition, the property surrounding SCP-211 is currently under Foundation management, and an armed guard has been stationed in the buildings. Unauthorized personnel entering the area are to be terminated on sight.
A series of explosive charges has been set within SCP-211, and is to be examined every ██ days for degradation. Should SCP-211 become overtly hostile or neutralization is otherwise requested, it is to be terminated by detonating these charges simultaneously.
To avoid inadvertent activation of SCP-211's defense mechanisms, extraction of SCP-211-1 should take place at a rate of fewer than █ pages per hour.
Description: SCP-211 is a two-story building located in an abandoned district of ███████, IA. Records from ███████'s archives heavily suggest that the building was originally a middle-class dwelling, belonging to G██████ S███████████ (since deceased of natural cause). Since then, all furnishings have disappeared, save standard light fixtures and a radiator (pictured above). Note that several of these lights' switches have not been discovered, rendering them useless. Additionally, the building's topography has been nearly completely covered with an estimated ███,███ sheets of paper, hereafter collectively designated as SCP-211-1.
Given these facts, SCP-211 itself is in remarkably poor condition. Severe mold and grime contamination are threatening to collapse a large section of the second floor, and the attempted May 4 demolition (see Document 211-01) has left a large hole in the south wall of the building.
Recovered sheets of SCP-211-1 may be of various aspect and origins: blank, depicting various images, ripped pages from books (most often encyclopedias or novels), printouts from the Internet, etc. The paper may be of any color; in fact, the above picture is of the only hallway in which all sheets are printed on white paper. Entire stacks of paper have been discovered in the building's basement, whose individual sheets bear little or no relation to each other. Their only real identifying characteristic is that individual sheets' edges are unusually sharp, and that should a portion of SCP-211-1 be removed, more sheets appear (from unknown origin) as replacement. Research is pending, but so far, individually, SCP-211-1's constituent parts seem to have little purpose beyond [REDACTED: See Addendum 211-01] and defense.
Document 211-01
Item #: SCP-214
Object Class: Euclid
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-214 is to be contained in a 4 by 4 meter quarantine cell suitable for long term human habitation within Bio-Research Area-12. It is to be considered an etiological agent of a level four biohazard. Level four biohazard containment requires clean rooms, pre- and post-entry decontamination showers, and a vacuum antechamber. All air and water sources to SCP-214's containment area are to be isolated from the rest of the area. All employees entering SCP-214's containment area must wear hazmat-suits with self-contained oxygen supply and supplemental cut-resistant liner. The cell shall be under continuous observation using remote video surveillance. SCP-214 is to be considered a danger to itself and others and shall not be allowed to possess potentially dangerous utensils. Due to SCP-214's distinct perception of pain, guards shall not cause physical injury to it except under the direction of Level 2 staff.
Beyond the above procedures, all personnel intending to interact with SCP-214 are to undergo psychological evaluation. Any employees with prior history of depression are not permitted to interact with it. Regular sessions of psychological observation are to occur post-research on all participants. Any personnel exhibiting two or more of the following symptoms during observation are to be quarantined immediately in identical containment to SCP-214:
Research staff is heavily encouraged to read Log-214 and Interview-214 before conducting experiments, as a precautionary measure.
Description: SCP-214 is male, age ██, formerly Agent █████ of the Foundation. Physical and mental changes were noted after investigation of Incident ███ at ██████ Public Library, MA. Containment of SCP-214 is detailed in [REDACTED]. A physical examination of SCP-214 shows the replacement of most bodily fluids, including but not limited to blood, vitreous humor, seminal fluid, and cerebrospinal fluid, with a mercury-like substance. Chemical analysis shows that the substance is a suspension of complex organometallic compounds in a protein- and lipid-enriched serum, but so far, nothing more can be ascertained of its origins or purpose. Most bodily functions were observed to no longer be active in SCP-214, though the related organs still exist in a preserved state within the body cavity. This includes the brain, which no longer shows activity on electroencephalography. It shows notable selective regenerative properties, some injuries vanishing within moments of infliction while others remain unhealed, even after a period of time in which a normal human would have recovered. SCP-214 does not experience pain normally, instead reacting to it as pleasure with no regard to physical damage to its body. Objects have been noted to disappear in the vicinity of SCP-214. There is currently no known method of recovering lost items.
Addendum 214a Excerpts of Agent █████'s diary relating to becoming SCP-214 have been transcribed to Log-214
Addendum 214b Logs of interview with SCP-214 have been transcribed to Interview-214
Addendum 214c Researcher ██████ has been detained after showing symptoms identical in nature to SCP-214 at the conclusion of L214. Containment procedures have been updated to reflect the contagious nature of SCP-214.
« SCP-213 | SCP-214 | SCP-215 »
Cite this page as:
"SCP-214" by ZanderChaney, from the SCP Wiki. Source: http://www.scpwiki.com/scp-214. Licensed under CC-BY-SA.
For more information, see Licensing Guide.
Licensing Disclosures
Item #: SCP-221
Object Class: Safe
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-221 is to be kept in a locked container where it cannot be removed except for further testing by Security Clearance Level 2 Personnel. The container is a 15.25 cm by 15.25 cm steel box with a cushioned interior, with an internal locking system. The container is to be placed in a locked room, with a guard to ensure that SCP-221 is not taken.
Description: SCP-221 is a pair of tweezers made out of gold, made in the 16th or 17th century. After subject testing it was noted that the damaged areas which had been used to gather material samples were smaller than they had been prior to the test. It is currently theorized that SCP-221 uses the minute amounts of gold in the human body to regenerate damage to itself.
Subject testing revealed that SCP-221 creates a highly focused case of Obsessive-Compulsive Disorder in any person which uses it on their own body. Subjects will utilize SCP-221 to slowly remove any and all hair from their body, before removing finger and toenails, as well as teeth, culminating with the removal of organs, both the external, such as the eyes and skin, and the internal, such as the liver and pancreas, using their hands if SCP-221 is not effective (though SCP-221 will never be set aside during this process, and remains gripped in one of the subject's hands). If SCP-221 is taken away from the subject, they become violent and manic, and will use their hands to continue the process, albeit in a less careful manner. It is to be noted that the progression of this behavior is different for each subject, but no less fatal.
SCP-221 came into Foundation possession after reports of a human being who was [DATA EXPUNGED]. Foundation personnel retrieved SCP-221 within 10 hours of the original report.
Addendum:
Item #: SCP-222
Object Class: Euclid
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-222 itself requires no special containment. It also cannot be moved. The site is guarded by SCP Foundation personnel as well as a rotating mix of US, Italian, and NATO soldiers (none of whom are aware of its significance). Foundation personnel travel to and from the site very often, and their true numbers are carefully hidden from the soldiers (and usually from personnel below clearance level 3).
Description: SCP-222 designates an area of tunnels in the Dolomites Mountains, near Aviano, Italy. The site is close to the Church of St. Gregory, and Aviano Air Force Base is also nearby. The tunnels are filled with carved stone coffins; one coffin in particular has unusual properties, and some portion of the tunnels is also involved. The carvings in the tunnels appear very old and of fairly good workmanship.
History
Item #: SCP-224
Object Class: Euclid
Special Containment Procedures: Item SCP-224 is to be stored in a soundproof enclosure with acoustic destructive interference nodes. Nodes must be replaced on a weekly basis by remote means due to the erratic nature of SCP-224’s effect; non Class-D personnel are not to enter the enclosure. Additionally, SCP-224’s enclosure must be kept free from moisture to avoid rapid oxidation.
In the event that the clock begins to chime, all personnel must evacuate the area, and the location should be secured following procedure Zeit 77.
Description: SCP-224 is a wooden grandfather clock, accented with a black lacquer and gold leaf. Markings, remotely observed, date its origin at the end of the 19th century. Though internal examination of its components has been done, the density and construction of its gears make method of function impossible to interpret.
The hands of the clock do not move with any known consistency, though the tendency seems to be generally clockwise. Additionally, chimes occur at non-regular intervals, ranging from approximately one minute to several months. To further complicate matters, the numbers on the clock also have a tendency to move and shift, though they generally retain ascending order.
Each chime has an anomalous acoustic signature that causes a drastic localized temporal acceleration. People and objects in range of the sound begin to age. The amount of time is not consistent with the chimes, ranging from essentially inconsequential amounts to several years, though the amount aged during any single event is consistent for all objects within the field of effect.
SCP-224 was originally found in the ████ ████ Antique Shop and purchased by Mr. ████ ██████████ as a gift for his wife. When brought home and wound, the anomalous properties were noticed, though not acted upon, both apparently considering the object broken. Their bodies were discovered in their collapsed house two days later, aged significantly. Foundation personnel monitoring ██████ took interest, and SCP-224 was subsequently recovered. Agents ███████ and █████ were unfortunately lost following exposure during transportation.
Any instances of SCP-224 retaining any numeric pattern for an extended period should be reported to Dr. Simmons Dr. Locke. Failure to do so will result in suspension and possible demotion.
Addendum SCP-224, Cataloged Incidents:
Item #: SCP-225
Object Class: Euclid
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-225-1 is contained at Site-65 for study and experimentation. No guards are necessary for the object itself, as theft is impossible and the object is harmless for the moment. Ongoing tests are to be made to find a way to eliminate SCP-225-1, or at least to find a way to move it from its position in a controllable fashion.
SCP-225-2 is as yet uncontainable and should be monitored as best as possible as it travels, with constant updates as to its current position, speed, and trajectory, along with projections as to its estimated position for the next 50 years.
As of this writing SCP-225 poses no immediate threat. However, in the event that a collision course with SCP-225-1 is detected, SCP-225 is to be immediately upgraded to Keter, and every effort must be made to find a way to alter SCP-225-1 or SCP-225-2 from their courses.
All Foundation resources are to be made available for this objective should a collision ever become probable. Planetary evacuation plans are to be drawn up as a precaution, as are revised containment procedures for Keter level items whose containment being compromised by [DATA EXPUNGED] would not also result in the item's imminent destruction.
Description: SCP-225-1 and SCP-225-2 are shiny gray metallic spheres of unknown origin and composition, each with a diameter of 0.681 meters.
SCP-225-1 appears stable and motionless, but is in fact moving in a geosynchronous path above Earth, at the exact speed of Earth's rotation, maintaining its relative position at all times.
Gravity, magnetism, and all other forces tested have had no effect upon it; it maintains position approximately 7.3 meters above the surface. No amount of force brought to bear on it in any direction has any effect upon its position; all tools and weaponry tested have no effect upon it physically.
SCP-225-2 follows a path around the sun that is nearly synchronous with Earth's. It does not orbit Earth; Earth rotates under it, giving it the illusory appearance of traveling around the Earth at velocities usually ranging from 1,600 - 2,000 km/h, depending on its current relative altitude. It does not technically orbit the sun either; it appears to be moving under its own power via unknown means. Its course has not been entirely predictable.
Differences between SCP-225-2's path and Earth's orbit move the planet closer to or further away from SCP-225-2, within a surprisingly small level of variance to date. Since it was first observed in ████ it has never reached a relative altitude of less than 10 km, generally staying between ██ km - ████ km above the surface, though it has moved as far away as [DATA EXPUNGED] resulting in a temporary loss of contact in ████ (contact re-established in ████ after the ██████ Lunar Impact incident).
Similarly to SCP-225-1, no force or weaponry brought to bear upon it has had any effect, though testing on it is significantly more difficult, time-consuming, and resource-intensive due to the variation in its relative position.
Addendum: To summarize: no effort to move or damage SCP-225-1 has any effect, and no effort to stop or damage SCP-225-2 has any effect. SCP-225-2 destructively travels through any object in its path without pause and/or pushes it out of its way, regardless of that object's composition. SCP-225-1 is unaffected by any amount of force brought to bear on it in any direction.
While individually each object is not as yet of any major concern, there are cataclysmic implications should the two objects collide. Projections based upon the estimated amount of material contained between the two objects (0.33 cubic meters, appr. 2,600 kg) show that should the objects annihilate each other, they would release at minimum the power of a ██ gigaton nuclear explosion, potentially much higher depending upon what they are constructed of.
Since all tests thus far have shown that neither SCP-225-1 nor SCP-225-2 can be damaged or moved by any means known, the possibility also exists that neither object would be annihilated, halted, or altered from their course even by contact with the other. If this is true, then a collision between SCP-225-1 and SCP-225-2 has the potential to [DATA EXPUNGED].
In this circumstance planetary evacuation may not be sufficient and [DATA EXPUNGED] should time permit before [DATA EXPUNGED].
« SCP-224 | SCP-225 | SCP-226 »
Cite this page as:
"SCP-225" by RhettSarlin, from the SCP Wiki. Source: http://www.scpwiki.com/scp-225. Licensed under CC-BY-SA.
For more information, see Licensing Guide.
Licensing Disclosures
Item #: SCP-231-7 (See Addendum re: SCP-231-1 through SCP-231-6)they gather round the natal bed, the foolish and the wise. they fear the child yet to be born, whose voice shall rend the skies.
Object Class: Keterthe faithful watch the forest for the coming of the King. their lanterns bright, they wait at night for the new world he shall bring.
Site and Personnel Requirements: Under special order of O5-██, the following addendum is attached to the beginning of the file for SCP-231-7.
the dragon waits in shadows, his breath will scorch the land. the hero in the castle draws his sword and makes his stand.
All personnel assigned to SCP-231-7 must rotate out for one month of psychological counseling after two months on-site. SCP-231-7 is to be kept at an undisclosed location. All personnel assigned to SCP-231 will be transported there blindfolded from Site-19 by a route including no fewer than seven different forms of transportation, including but not limited to aircraft, automobile, underground tunnel, and ████████████. Removal of the blindfold during the transport process is grounds for immediate termination.
the princess in the tower is hidden far away. but nothing under heaven can keep The Groom at bay.
Personnel assigned to SCP-231-7 must undergo heavy psychological testing before being cleared to enter the site. Individuals must score at least 72 points on the Milgram Obedience Examination, be unmarried, have no offspring, and express nothing less than total loyalty to the Foundation. Normal psychological screening procedures against Axis II disorders are waived, so long as the Class-D personnel in question has the mental capacity to carry out Procedure 110-Montauk as needed.
Luke 23:34.
Personnel who express sympathy towards SCP-231-7's plight and/or express a desire to rescue or sympathize towards SCP-231-7 will be transferred to another project without delay. Any actual rescue attempts will be met with immediate termination. Personnel who have served on the staff of SCP-231-7's Containment Team are not required to divulge that information to others. No official record shall be kept of the names of any staff assigned to SCP-231-7, nor will said service appear in the personnel files of said staff.
they gather round with leering smiles, the soulless and the dead. though her soul unwinds, the cruelest minds will keep her in her bed.
While on-site, individuals assigned to SCP-231-7 will be issued concealing helmets with integrated voice changers to protect their identity. On-site staff are not to remove said uniforms in the presence of other staff members. Off-duty hours are to be spent in private quarters alone.
Six Class D Personnel are to be assigned to SCP-231-7 each month for the purposes of carrying out Procedure 110-Montauk. Violent criminals are not to be used for this purpose due to the possibility of accidental fatality during the 110-Montauk process.
Special Containment Procedures: Following repeated escape and suicide attempts, and based on the failure of containment for SCP-231-1 through 6, containment of SCP-231-7 has been amended to the following: SCP-231 is to be contained within a soundproof holding cell, adjacent to holding cells for six Class D Personnel assigned for the purposes of Procedure 110-Montauk. Cameras will monitor every inch of the cell at all times, and must be manned 24 hours a day. Malfunctioning monitoring equipment will be replaced without delay by psychologically screened staff. Doors will be magnetically locked, openable only by positive action by the control and monitoring facility. This includes all doors linking the main holding cell to those of the six Class D Personnel.
SCP-231-7 is to be kept restrained to a hospital bed at all times except for the purposes of Procedure 110-Montauk. Hydration will be provided through IV drip. Feeding will be carried out twice per day through feeding tube by approved medical personnel who have not taken the Hippocratic Oath. Under no circumstances are narcotics, anesthesia, or other unapproved medications to be administered to SCP-231-7.
the potter told his 'prentice to prepare him seven jars. six he made with grace and skill, the last his hands did mar.
Procedure 110-Montauk is to be carried out at least once every 24 hours by Class D Personnel. During Procedure 110-Montauk, at least one Security Clearance 4/231 staff member must monitor the procedure by camera at all times, although the sound may be turned off if the vocalizations of SCP-231-7 become too distressing. Following the procedure, all Class D Personnel must return to their holding cells or explosive collars will be detonated.
the cretin moon no more is howling, gone its mourning black. in their dreams its face is prowling, come to take them back.
[DATA EXPUNGED PER ORDER OF O5-██ ON ██-██-████. INFORMATION MOVED TO EYES-ONLY DOCUMENT 231-110-MONTAUK. ACCESS TO 231-110-MONTAUK IS LIMITED TO PERSONNEL WITH SECURITY CLEARANCE 4/231]
Description: SCP-231-7 is a █████ female between █ and ██ years of age, with [DATA EXPUNGED]. the King is in his courting clothes, the brides are in their beds. the unborn princes wait in sleep to raise their eager heads.
SCP-231-1 through 7 were retrieved from ██████████, ██, following a police raid on a warehouse owned by an organization called the Children of the Scarlet King (see article on ██-██-████ in the ████████████ ██████ newspaper, "Police Raid Satanic Sex Cult, Save Seven"). 24 hours after the rescue, SCP-231-1 (real name ████████████ ████████████) went into labor pains, giving birth three minutes later to SCP-██ (█████████ ██████████), causing a ██████████ event resulting in over ███ confirmed casualties. Foundation Personnel immediately took possession of remaining SCPs 231-2 through 231-7 and, based on notebooks recovered from the cult, instituted Procedure 110-Montauk to prevent future occurrences. the hens were in the henhouse and seven eggs did lay, till the fox crept in by dark of night and stole the eggs away.
Addendum 231-a: Current Status of SCP-231 units.
six were broken by their bindings six no more shall sing. comes the seventh full unwinding and all the bells will ring.
Addendum 231-b: Text of missive by O5-██
Dear Friends,
It has come to my attention that recently, certain rumors have surfaced regarding SCP-231. Due to the drop in staff morale, I have decided to address some of the more prevalent points.
One final note: The Foundation does many distasteful things in the completion of our mission, but our mission is important enough that the price is one we must pay. Containment of SCP-231 is one of our most dangerous duties, not because of any direct danger to ourselves (like SCP-682) but because of the danger that our resolve will fail, that we will allow ourselves to either let down our guard due to sympathy for the suffering of an innocent, or that we will allow ourselves to become monsters through the performance of monstrous acts. Just do your jobs, and save the philosophizing for the shrink.
Sincerely,
O5-██
Don't believe it when they say they're trying to save her. Why would they bother? They've got exactly what they want exactly where they want it.
Addendum 231-c: Update
231-07's emotional response to Procedure 110-Montauk appears to be reduced recently, despite proper execution of said procedure, increasing danger of SCP-██ undergoing a ████████████ event. Two options have been proposed.
1. Development of a new containment procedure with higher emotional response than Procedure 110-Montauk.
2. Administration of a Class A Amnestic to SCP-231-7, allowing for a return to base emotional response state. Said memory modification is to be administered during execution of Procedure 110-Montauk to maintain heightened emotional state following memory reset.
Please advise.
the doctor never tells his god which one he really seeks. instead he hides himself away, and quietly, he weeps.
Dr. ████
Addendum 231-d: Decision
Proverbs 1:32
Carry out Option 2 at the first available opportunity.
their god's own voice, he makes the choice, declaring with their word. "in fear and pain let her remain, lest she be like the third."
O5-██
Addendum 231-e: Aftermath
Ezekiel 6:14
Option 2 was carried out. SCP-231-7's emotional state returned to 100% efficacy. Dr. ████ subsequently committed suicide due to heightened emotional stress. Will continue analysis of efficacy of treatment.
the doctor's gun ended his run, as he put it to his ear. as she was defiled, the pitied child, he gave it to his fear.
Dr. ██████████
Addendum 231-f: Continued Analysis of Efficacy of Treatment
Revelation 18:21-24
After some analysis, I have determined that it is not necessary to perform memory modification every time Procedure 110-Montauk is carried out. In fact, it is better to delay for some time before re-administering the agent. Analysis of Subject 231-7's emotional response indicates that efficacy of Procedure 110-Montauk seems to peak between the third and fourth performance of the procedure: the dread of anticipation of events seems to heighten emotional response for a time, before familiarity with the procedure begins to lessen the efficacy of treatment. My recommendation is that Class A Amnestics be administered once a week during Procedure 110-Montauk. The calendar has been modified accordingly.
her memory a fickle thing, the strongest shall endure. when her weeping starts to waver, their drugs make her mind pure.
Dr. ██████████
For a list of all works by this author, click here.
« SCP-230 | SCP-231 | SCP-232 »
Item #: SCP-232
Object Class: Safe
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-232 is to be kept in a locked safe in the Cognitohazard wing of Site 73. When not in use for testing, its batteries are to be removed. When batteries are not installed, SCP-232 may be handled safely by any authorized staff member. The Foundation is to monitor online auction houses and dealers of vintage toys, and acquire any products of the same model as SCP-232 for testing and disposal. Any other instances of SCP-232 discovered are to be archived appropriately.
When batteries are installed, personnel other than D-Class are not to handle SCP-232 for any period longer than necessary to install and remove batteries. Staff members who have been exposed to works in the Jack Proton franchise, in any format, are not to handle SCP-232 for any period of time while batteries are installed. D-Class carrying SCP-232 for testing purposes are to be monitored at all times and terminated if SCP-232-related behavior should pose a security risk.
The copyright, publication, and merchandising rights of the Jack Proton novels and all spinoff media are to be held by Springfield Crown Publishing, a Foundation front company, for the purpose of keeping the works out of print, thereby preventing activation of anomalous properties in any SCP-232 instances that may exist outside containment. In the event of any public occurrences of SCP-232 behavior, the Foundation shall liaise with local law enforcement authorities to recover the artifact and issue Class-A amnestics to affected parties as appropriate. The Foundation shall encourage world governments to enact extensions to international copyright law as necessary to prevent the Jack Proton franchise from lapsing into the public domain; in the event that any Jack Proton franchise material becomes public domain, DDoS techniques and/or mass deployment of Class-E amnestics is authorized as appropriate.
Description: SCP-232 is a mass-produced children's toy of early 1950s manufacture, composed primarily of tin and a battery-powered electric light apparatus, with an exterior painted to resemble a laser gun of the type featured in popular science fiction of the early 20th century. A hinged section at the base of SCP-232's handle opens to accept two standard AA alkaline batteries. When batteries have been installed correctly and the trigger is pulled, a small red electric light in the barrel lights up. SCP-232's cognition-affecting properties become active whenever SCP-232 is picked up and held or carried by a human being while it has working batteries installed.
Within 5-30 seconds of picking up SCP-232, the person handling it will begin speaking in English, regardless of any previous fluency with the language or lack thereof, in a manner resembling the speech patterns of pre-teen and/or adolescent American youth culture circa 1920-1960. Persons so affected will deny that anything is unusual about their manner of speech and will insist that they have always spoken thusly. This behavior continues until approximately 15-20 seconds after the test subject is induced to relinquish possession of SCP-232, after which speech patterns return to normal. In test subjects that have had no exposure to any works from the Jack Proton franchise, SCP-232's effects do not continue past this stage and the subject retains no memory of their behavior while under its influence.
Patent information embossed on the handle of SCP-232, and historical analysis of non-anomalous artifacts identical in appearance, indicate that SCP-232 is a mass-produced "Atomic Zapper" toy, produced by the [REDACTED] corporation from 1953 to 1958 as a licensed merchandising tie-in to "Jack Proton - Space Cop", a series of young adult science fiction novels by American author M.K. Snyder. Approximately █████ units were manufactured and sold during the toy's production run, of which an unknown quantity remain in existence today. The Foundation has acquired 138 units since containment of SCP-232 began, all but three of which have shown no anomalous properties under testing. Thorough examination has indicated no discernable differences between anomalous and non-anomalous units.
The Jack Proton series, consisting primarily of fifteen novels and several dozen short stories written between 1940 and Snyder's death in 1973, revolve around the eponymous Major John Patrick "Jack" Proton, an officer of the "Galactic Police Department" in a 27th century setting where the human race has colonized the entirety of the Earth's solar system. The setting is typical of early 20th century juvenile science fiction and relies heavily on soft sci-fi depictions of space travel common in literature of the time, including the existence of intelligent life on planets within the solar system, a breathable atmosphere on the Moon and other heavenly bodies, faster-than-light travel without relativistic complications, and sapient artificial intelligence in computers based on vacuum tube technology. The novels were additionally adapted into a nationally syndicated radio program from 1947-1952, a television series aired by the NBC network from 1953-1954, and a black-and-white movie released to theaters in 1956. The Jack Proton franchise bears no demonstrable anomalous properties itself, and may be read, viewed, or listened to safely provided that the person doing so does not come into contact with SCP-232.
In subjects who have previously read, watched, or listened to any installments of the Jack Proton franchise, SCP-232's secondary effect begins to manifest after approximately 90-120 seconds of physical contact with the toy. During this stage, the test subject's memories and personality are radically altered, to the extent that the subject believes him/herself to be a resident of the fictional 27th century setting of the Jack Proton novels. Test subjects in this stage refuse to answer to their given names, and will, during interviews, describe life stories and career experiences of life in the 27th century which are internally consistent with themselves and with canonical details about the setting, often describing themselves as close associates of Jack Proton or other major characters featured in the franchise. Polygraph examinations given to test subjects in this state have consistently indicated that the test subjects believe these accounts to be true.
In the third and final stage of SCP-232 exposure, occurring approximately 30-45 minutes after first contact, test subjects begin to experience severe sensory hallucinations, to the effect that they now perceive the world around them to be the fictional setting of the Jack Proton franchise. In this state, test subjects almost invariably believe that they are members of Jack Proton's "Junior Action Squad" and have been assigned a mission of utmost interplanetary security, which researchers and security personnel of the Foundation are involved in or are attempting to prevent them from completing. Though attempts to neutralize Foundation personnel with SCP-232 have invariably proven futile, test subjects have been noted to resort to physical violence on occasion.
Persons afflicted by the later stages of SCP-232 exposure will resist any attempts to remove SCP-232 from their person, and, if separated from it, will attempt to recover it by any means available to them. Effects of the later stages of exposure wear off gradually over a period of approximately 3-6 hours after SCP-232 is removed from the subject's person; in approximately ██% of tests involving long-term exposure, test subjects have retained memories of their artificial persona after dissipation of the effect, resulting in cognitive dissonance and associated psychological impairments.
SCP-232 came to the Foundation's attention on ██/██/████, following the arrest of Martin ██████, a retired steel worker living in [REDACTED], PA, for disorderly conduct following an affray at a shopping mall. ██████, who insisted on referring to himself as "Space Cadet Max Mars", was taken into custody after confronting several mall patrons and brandishing SCP-232, demanding to know the location of "the Phobos Ruby", an artifact the theft of which from the Martian Museum of History drives the plot of the novella Murder on the Io Express. During debriefing prior to amnestic therapy, ██████ stated that he had owned one of the toys as a child and had been a fan of the series, and purchased SCP-232 from an online auction site for nostalgic value because he had "had so much fun playing cops & aliens with it" in his youth.
All interviews conducted by Dr. J. Andrews. Test subjects had no exposure to the Jack Proton franchise prior to their acquisition by the Foundation. All interviews conducted three hours after initial exposure to SCP-232.
Interview Log 232-1
Item #: SCP-237
Object Class: Safe
Special Containment Procedures: The recovered components of SCP-237-1 have been individually shrink-wrapped, and are to be stored separately; laser grids are established around each component to detect any incipient signs of activity.
The individual instances of SCP-237-2 are contained in separate proportionately-reduced humanoid containment cells, with supervised interaction between instances being permitted contingent on good behavior. Personnel supervising interaction between instances of SCP-237-2 are required to be fluent in spoken Japanese; all interactions are to be recorded and filmed.
Instances of SCP-237-2 will periodically request supplies of resin and clay with which to repair damage to themselves; to de-incentivize self-harm and prevent stockpiling, these requests are to be fulfilled no more often than once a month, and any supplies not used in repairing damage are to be removed.
Standard data-mining bots have been introduced into the law-enforcement IT infrastructure throughout the Kansai region of Japan, to maintain surveillance for uncontained instances of SCP-237-2. Standard Internet-monitoring bots have been set to watch video-sharing sites for further copies of SCP-237-1's videos; all such copies are to be taken down via Prenda protocols.
Description: SCP-237 is the collective designation of the physical remains of SCP-237-1, and of the set of instances of SCP-237-2 which it created. Prior to being taken into Foundation custody, SCP-237-1 appeared to be a human male of Japanese ethnicity, with falsified identity documents indicating an age of 24 years. It manifested the anomalous ability to endow instances of SCP-237-2 with sapience, sensoria, and independent mobility.
The 16 instances of SCP-237-2 are clay-and-polyurethane statuettes which were anomalously given awareness, sight, hearing, and independent mobility by SCP-237-1. 14 of the instances have displayed the ability to speak Japanese; of these 14, 3 have also displayed the ability to speak English.1
While being transported to Site-12 for long-term containment, SCP-237-1 abruptly collapsed into several dozen disconnected slabs of clay and polyurethane resin, similar in composition to the instances of SCP-237-2; however, where the resin-and-clay mixture in instances of SCP-237-2 is homogeneous and featureless, in SCP-237-1 the mixture is shaped into replica human organs that are accurate to the sub-millimeter level.
List of instances of SCP-237-2 in custody
Item #: SCP-238
Object Class: Keter
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-238 is currently contained by the original means. Current SCP protocols have proven unable to fully contain SCP-238. All exploration of SCP-238 is suspended until full, sustained containment has been achieved. Any and all personnel attempting to enter SCP-238 are to be physically restrained and moved to an outside containment area. Upkeep of the current barrier is top priority, and a minimum of two personnel are to be present at all times for upkeep and security.
No testing, samples, or exploration may be conducted within SCP-238 until full containment of SCP-238 has been achieved, or with approval by Site Overwatch. Any and all persons entering are to be deemed missing, presumed dead.
Description: SCP-238 is an enormous underground facility, with a single entrance on the island Shmidta to the extreme north of Russia. Tunnel networks have been shown to extend for thousands of kilometers, with major "Junctions" under [DATA EXPUNGED]. "Oceanic Junctions" have also been observed to include several connections to [DATA EXPUNGED]. When originally found, the entrance was sealed behind a massive wall of bricks, covered in carvings. This wall was removed, and exploration began. Initial tests showed that the walls of SCP-238 were primarily fossilized tissue of unknown origin. Several structures within the facility led initial exploration teams to conclude that SCP-238 is or was at least half biological.
Shortly after discovery of a central chamber, reported to consist of partially rotted flesh and badly decayed metal structures, personnel began to disappear, and numerous accidents claimed eight lives. "Noises" and other hallucinations were reported, along with ████████, and other [DATA EXPUNGED].
Eight containment walls and associated personnel were destroyed by unknown means, with a survivor reporting "███████ ███████" (unconfirmed), in addition to rapidly escalating aggressive phenomenon by SCP-238. Replacement of the original wall has contained the item effectively, but new SCP containment and research strategies have been requested, as the current containment prevents in-depth exploration and experimentation.
Addendum 238-S7:
Item #: SCP-240
Object Class: Safe
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-240 is to be kept in the Secure Artifact Storage Facility in Site-77. Due to its age and delicate construction, SCP-240 is to be contained in a vacuum sealed container with humidity and temperature levels constantly monitored and controlled. The mouthpiece is to be permanently covered. No subjects are permitted to enter SCP-240's containment chamber.
Description: SCP-240 is a vehicle capable of air travel. It is constructed from a wooden rod which the operator sits in the middle of, a mouthpiece connected to a pipe device, and a large canvas sack, which contains a porthole for exhaust fumes to exit. The words "Morsum Kite" have been painted on spot the operator is intended to sit on. The words "From many, comes might" are sown into the canvas.
When activated, SCP-240 is capable of flying for approximately twice the duration of the user exhaling into its mouthpiece. Following this, it will enter a slow descent and ultimately land. Although it can only take off from land, testing has shown that SCP-240 is capable of landing on water and heavier-than-air gases.
For every 1N of force the user exerts into SCP-240, there will be 50N of thrust in return. It produces dust emissions within the barrels. These emissions contain minerals such as nickel, copper, gold, platinum, potassic feldspar, and Pyroxferroite. However, the steel drums do not appear to have any connection to the mouthpiece or piping. Additionally, users utilizing SCP-240 have occasionally reported tasting ammonia, sulfur, and having hot gas rush cause severe lung discomfort. Post-test medical examinations have not shown any corroborating damage to the subjects' bodies.
SCP-240 was discovered in 1927 in the possession of the Morsum Space Society, an organization dedicated to astrological research, following a raid on their headquarters due to bootlegging charges. Notes recovered during the operation indicated the bootlegging had been done to finance SCP-240. It was found inside the home and taken as evidence by the UIU. Its extranormal capabilities were not discovered until three years later, when an evidence clerk casually blew into SCP-240 and was thrown across the room, suffering a broken nose and three fractured ribs. SCP-240 was immediately transferred to the Foundation while a nonfunctional replica was handed over to the UIU. Due to the age and relative obscurity of SCP-240, it was not difficult to manufacture documentation discrediting it as a hoax.
Addendum: Utilizing fiber optic camera technology, Foundation researchers were able to place cameras within SCP-240's mouthpiece during flight. Over the course of the examination, the camera recorded a location in space which appeared very similar to the solar system. However, the Earth and Moon were missing and Venus had several possibly artificial satellites around it. All orbits were moving notably faster, at a scale similar to the scale of the input/output of SCP-240. Further testing is currently being conducted.
« SCP-239 | SCP-240 | SCP-241 »
Cite this page as:
"SCP-240" by RJB_R, from the SCP Wiki. Source: http://www.scpwiki.com/scp-240. Licensed under CC-BY-SA.
For more information, see Licensing Guide.
Licensing Disclosures
Item #: SCP-241
Object Class: Safe
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-241 is to be kept at Site-19 using standard operating procedures for containing Safe-class book- and manuscript-type SCPs (see Document 241-05-3H), with the following additional conditions: SCP-241 must be kept open on a flat surface, with restraints across opposing pages of the open book to keep it from closing accidentally. Containment devices must be checked at least once a week for structural integrity. Any anomalies must be reported immediately to Site Command.
Access to SCP-241 is restricted. Any and all usage of SCP-241 must be logged. SCP-241 must be transported in an authorized bookstand such that it cannot accidentally be closed in transit.
In the event that SCP-241 is opened outside of a testing environment, the last person to have touched it must report to the nearest infirmary, and a D-class personnel must close and re-open SCP-241.
Description: SCP-241 appears as a normal book, 33 cm x 23 cm x 3.5 cm, entitled Good Home Cooking. The cover of SCP-241 is a red and white checkerboard pattern, with the title in simple black letters on the front and spine. When open, SCP-241 contains 99 recipes, sorted into typical sections of a cookbook. Many of these recipes include a picture of the dish that is invariably appetizing, and a small percentage will call for rare or exotic ingredients.
Whenever SCP-241 is opened by a subject (known as the Target) different from the one who last opened it (i.e. the previous Target), the recipes contained in the book change. Preliminary investigations concluded that if the Target eats a dish prepared from one of the recipes in SCP-241, that person soon dies from apparent anaphylactic shock. Others who eat the same dish are not similarly affected. Testing has been authorized to determine the exact nature of SCP-241’s effects.
SCP-241 appears to be impervious to getting dirty and to at least minor damage. For example, sauces splashed onto its pages disappear almost immediately, and torn pages and nicks on the cover are repaired within seconds. Testing on the limits of SCP-241’s durability are not authorized without approval from [DATA EXPUNGED] and [DATA EXPUNGED].
Research on SCP-241 continues, including potential interaction with other SCP items. For more information on current experimentation, please see the Supplemental Testing Log.
Directive 241-S06, ██/██/20██
Item #: SCP-245
Object Class: Safe
Special Containment Procedures: Copies of SCP-245-1 are to be contained on airgapped computers. These computers are to be located on floor 10, section C of Site-88. Individual iterations of SCP-245-1 are to be monitored and completed on a regular basis to ensure continued containment.
Major changes to SCP-245-1's gameworld are to be reported to SCP-245's project head. Under no circumstances should SCP-245-1's master password be revealed to any entities encountered in SCP-245-1.
Description: Please see SCP-245-1.zip for information relating to SCP-245.
Notice: SCP-245-1 will only run on a system utilizing OSCP or the Windows operating system.


« SCP-244 | SCP-245 | SCP-246 »
Item #: SCP-248
Object Class: Safe
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-248 is to be kept in a fire-proof safe in Dr. Mize's office unless being used directly for testing purposes. The safe has a keypad-style opening mechanism. Any personnel of at least Level 2 Security Clearance have full permission to access SCP-248, as the numeric code is [REDACTED].
Description: SCP-248 is a twenty-five (25) page booklet of stickers, each reading "110%" with a small pressed imprint of the words "The Factory" in the bottom right corner. The booklet itself is 7.5 cm in height and 15 cm in length. Each page of SCP-248 contains two (2) of the stickers, making a total of what would be fifty (50), but circumstances before its discovery have left only forty-nine (49) stickers.
SCP-248 was discovered at a small house in ████████, Georgia. The object came to the Foundation's attention after one (1) of the stickers was placed on an old, half disassembled tractor in the family's barn by the youngest son, Ronnie ████. The tractor was suddenly able to operate as if it were fully functional, despite lacking much of the engine and frame. Agents removed SCP-248 and the tractor from the family in exchange for a bogus coupon for free pesticides for the farm. The family was administered standard Class A amnestics.
Dr. Mize received SCP-248 upon its arrival to Site-██ and took deep interest in its apparent abilities. The tractor is now labeled SCP-248-1. See Addendum 248-01 for testing of SCP-248-1.
Testing of SCP-248 has been approved by Dr. Mize. See Addendum-248-02 and below for preliminary tests.
Remaining stickers in SCP-248: forty-six (46).
Addendum-248-01:
Item #: SCP-250
Object Class: Euclid
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-250 is to be kept in a 50-meter-by-50-meter enclosure simulating a prairie environment, with padded steel walls 15 m high and 1 m thick. The temperature must remain between 20 and 28 degrees Celsius by day, and between 10 and 14 degrees Celsius by night, with an average humidity of no more than 8%; this serves the dual purpose of ensuring that SCP-250's overall behavior remains predictable, and of maintaining the physical integrity of its component parts. Vegetation within the enclosure is to be maintained on a weekly basis; see document 250-MB48 for details.
Although SCP-250 does not physically require nutrition, it is to be fed one live adult pig every two (2) days in order to regulate its aggression and hunting instincts. The remnants of its meal are to be removed from its enclosure no less than one (1) hour after the onset of its nightly dormancy period; this includes cleaning any residual biological debris from SCP-250's physical components with compressed air and whisk brooms. At no point during cleaning are any of SCP-250's physical components to be moved by more than 1 meter in any direction, as this risks disrupting its dormancy. Dormancy ends within five minutes of sunrise; access to SCP-250's containment during its activity period is prohibited.
Description: SCP-250 is the animate fossil skeleton of an allosaur (originally identified as Allosaurus fragilis; however, an incomplete scientific article found in the personal effects of paleontologist Dr █████████ indicates that this classification may have been erroneous). It consists of 153 disarticulated bones, and 14 plaster-and-fiberglass replacements, held together and animated by an unknown force. Study of this force is hindered by SCP-250's aggressive behavior, which has been assessed by Foundation palaeozoologists as being well within theoretical norms for an allosaurus.
SCP-250 emulates what are presumed to have been the standard daily activities of a living allosaurus: it wanders its enclosure by day, enters a state of dormancy by night, and will attempt to kill and devour anything which it perceives as suitable prey, including humans. Its lack of organs does not seem to affect its behavior in any way, except in that the remains of any prey it consumes will inevitably fall out of the gaps in its skull, neck, and ribcage, at which point it ignores them.
SCP-250 was first excavated as an 80%-complete skeleton in [REDACTED], 19██ ; records from the excavation do not include any report of anomalies. In 19██ , it was transferred to the ████████ Museum of █████████████ in [REDACTED], where it was assembled, mounted, and put on display.
On the night of ██/██/20██, SCP-250 seized and killed an intruder to the museum. Although damage to the intruder's remains was so extensive as to render forensic identification impractical, they were conclusively shown to not be those of paleontologist Dr █████████, whose office in the museum was extensively vandalized that night and who has not been seen since. Foundation personnel embedded within museum staff reported the incident, and SCP-250 was taken into custody.
« SCP-249 | SCP-250 | SCP-251 »
Cite this page as:
"SCP-250" by Dr Kondraki and Voct, from the SCP Wiki. Source: http://www.scpwiki.com/scp-250. Licensed under CC-BY-SA.
For more information, see Licensing Guide.
Licensing Disclosures
Item #: SCP-254
Object Class: Safe
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-254 is to be kept in a standard storage locker when not in use. When in storage, it must be placed face-down on the floor of the locker and secured with straps to prevent accidental activation. Use of SCP-254 may be requested by any department head, and must be approved by at least two (2) level-3 personnel. SCP-254 may not be used in a capacity that will result in SCP-254-1’s contact with SCPs posing a memetic contagion hazard. Under no circumstances is SCP-254 to be active in a single department or area for longer than twenty-six (26) days. Reuse is permitted only if the area in question has undergone a complete personnel rotation (i.e. no employees remain who have had previous contact with SCP-254).
Description: SCP-254 is a rectangular wooden plaque measuring 22 cm x 30 cm and weighing approximately 1.5 kg. On the front of the plaque is an empty brass picture holder, as well as a printed metal plate with a black background and gold-colored letters reading “Employee of the Month.” Affixed to the back of the plaque is a standard hanging device.
SCP-254 was discovered in the rubble of a Texaco gas station in ██████, Kansas, on ██/██/195█. A Foundation agent secured SCP-254 after discovering that it had sustained no damage in the explosion that had leveled the gas station and resulted in the deaths of █ employees and ██ civilians .
When SCP-254 is hung on a wall in a work area of 4 or more people, SCP-254-1 will appear soon afterward. SCP-254-1 will arrive either at the end of the next designated break period, or at the beginning of the following work shift. SCP-254-1 is an incorporeal human of variable gender, age, race, name, and appearance, able to manipulate objects in the manner similar to that of a normal human of average strength and coordination. SCP-254-1 will adopt the appearance and persona of a model employee, based on an area’s memetic consensus. Once SCP-254-1’s appearance has been established, an image of SCP-254-1 that appears to be an 8 x 10 glossy photograph fills the empty picture holder, and it will not change until SCP-254 is moved to a new location. Across the bottom of the photograph, in print, is the newly assumed name of SCP-254-1. The photograph cannot be removed from the picture holder by any known means, but it can be torn or ripped. Doing so in an aggressive or purposeful manner results in a violent reaction from SCP-254-1 (see attached recording SCP-254-a: [DATA EXPUNGED] the ██/██/████ incident).
Regardless of appearance, SCP-254-1 maintains a cheerful demeanor at all times. SCP-254-1 is able to carry on conversations about the weather, traffic, the previous night’s TV shows, sports, and other such topics, although SCP-254-1 will never discuss topics of which present individuals have no knowledge. Personnel assigned to work in an area where SCP-254 is in use do not appear alarmed by SCP-254-1’s incorporeal nature or sudden appearance, stating that SCP-254-1 “works here.” Due to local personnel’s reluctance to remove the plaque, or inability to remember to remove the plaque, removal is to be scheduled and performed by off-site personnel.
SCP-254-1 is capable of performing menial tasks quickly and efficiently. When given tasks that require specialized training, although SCP-254-1 does not possess the required expertise, (s)he will attempt them with the usual good attitude, but will perform as well as an average person could be expected to perform. SCP-254-1 will continue to perform as exemplary an employee as possible for a length of time between 28-46 work days, usually ending at the conclusion of a calendar month. If SCP-254 is placed in a workplace several days into a calendar month, SCP-254-1 will act as an effective employee until the end of the following month, although due to the dangers posed by shifting memetic consensus, no use of SCP-254 for longer than 26 days is permitted.
After the “month” has passed, if SCP-254 is not removed, SCP-254-1 will begin to degrade in performance, beginning with an unhelpful attitude and forgetfulness. If SCP-254 is not removed, SCP-254-1 will become a worse and worse employee until “fired.” Firing can be represented by removing SCP-254 from the wall, or by informing SCP-254-1 of its termination. If SCP-254-1 is fired within approximately 20 days from the start of its decline in performance, SCP-254-1 simply leaves the area and disappears. Following cessation of employment after this point, SCP-254-1 will actively sabotage the work area in the most destructive manner possible, posing severe hazard to any nearby personnel.
And the WORLD, people. We work with SCPs here, and if proper removal arrangements are not made with off-site security and documented with on-site security, the offending employee will find themselves jobless or worse. -O5-█
Addendum: Following Incident 254-0210g, all tests on employing SCP-254-1 beyond 26 days must be conducted at a separate site containing no other SCPs. NO EXCEPTIONS. -O5-█
Audio Log 254-a13:
Item #: SCP-255
Object Class: Keter
Special Containment Procedures: Tissue samples and specimens related to SCP-255 are contained at Bio Site-16, a purpose-built containment and research facility designed to Priority Beta contagious phenomenon specifications. Bio Site-16 is subject to a remote location personnel rotation waiver in addition to standard contagious phenomenon preventive quarantine periods. Bio Site-16 is located in the Vaitupu Atoll of Tuvalu on an island owned by Ragnarik Ecological Modeling Inc., a Foundation front organization.
Persons and animals determined to be infected with SCP-255 are to be secured and transported to a designated temporary holding facility prior to transfer to Bio Site-16. In cases where capture of an SCP-255 carrier is exceedingly difficult or impossible, lethal force is authorized.
The Office of Celestial Anomalies is to continually track the orbit of 3214 Hybris, maintain a schedule of upcoming near-Earth flybys, and alert the Research Director if any changes in observed orbit occur. The next scheduled flyby of 3214 Hybris is 11 November 2023, when it is predicted to pass within 950,000 km of Earth.
Description: SCP-255 is an anomalous infectious phenomenon of extraterrestrial origin, manifesting in most living subjects as a neurological disorder with varying symptoms. Eligible carriers of SCP-255 have thus far been observed to be organisms possessing a cerebral cortex with approximately ≥5.4 billion neurons. Experimentation has determined that species capable of contracting SCP-255 include humans, chimpanzees, African elephants, bottlenose dolphins, false killer whales, and others.
In non-human carriers SCP-255 causes, through unknown means, degeneration of motor neurons and nerve cells. The rate of degeneration and severity of related symptoms is inversely related to the number of neurons the subject possesses in its cerebral cortex, with less neurologically-developed organisms displaying the most debilitating effects.
The effects of SCP-255 on humans, however, is markedly more complex. While degradation of brain cells and the nervous system has been noted on a limited basis in humans, a range of more unusual symptoms occurs in these subjects. See SCP-255 Research Log for more details.
Individuals infected by SCP-255 can be reliably diagnosed through EEG observation and confirmation of verified markers in measurements of neurological activity. See Appendix B for further documentation.
Signature SCP-255 EEG pattern, observable thirteen seconds after commencement of observation protocol
Outbreaks of SCP-255 coincide with close flybys of 3214 Hybris, a relationship that was theorized using advanced statistical models following the second outbreak in 1965, and confirmed during the asteroid's 1987 close approach. Observations of 3214 Hybris have determined it to be an approximately 110 meter C-type asteroid with no anomalous properties observed at this time. The nature of the orbit of 3214 Hybris brings it into close approaches with Earth once every 11 years.
Addendum 255-1: Research Log
Item #: SCP-259
Object Class: Keter
Special Containment Procedures: A single copy of a computer program capable of producing SCP-259 is to be kept on compact disc in the High Security Containment Vault at Site-25. As discs containing SCP-259 are typically destroyed during experimentation, additional copies may be made for approved experiments.
Mobile Task Force Gamma-10 remains on standby to collect and neutralize any copies of SCP-259 found outside the Foundation. Unauthorized media containing SCP-259 or the means to produce it are to be destroyed immediately.
Description: SCP-259 is a fractal image known as "The Weisenglass Spiral". A completed rendering of SCP-259 acts as an Einstein-Rosen Bridge, opening a portal to an unknown location. The locations accessed appear to vary depending on the size and orientation of the rendered image, and have included:
Foundation mathematicians are working on determining why this specific fractal has anomalous properties, and whether other similarly anomalous images exist. By O5 order, any image rendering related to SCP-259 experimentation must take place at least ████ m from inhabited areas.
After Incident K-259-1, 41 copies of a CD capable of generating SCP-259 were confiscated from ██████.com, and a public warning issued that the CD, labeled “100 Fun Fractals You Can Print,” contains a malicious virus that will destroy the user’s computer. ██████.com claimed to have obtained the disks from a reseller's bankruptcy sale, and the Foundation was unable to trace the original producer. Whether SCP-259 was released accidentally, or distributed with knowledge of its anomalous properties, is under investigation.
Incident K-259-2 makes it clear that SCP-259 is being used with malicious intent. The Foundation is working with global anti-terrorism forces to retrieve SCP-259 from the organization responsible for this incident.
Addendum:
Item #: SCP-270
Object Class: Euclid
Special Containment Procedures: Due to SCP-270’s immovable nature, a structure has been built around it that outwardly appears to be a large farmhouse, henceforth called Outpost Delta. Outpost Delta is to be staffed with a minimum of ███ trained personnel.
Extensive records of SCP-270’s ciphers are kept at Site-11. Extensive records of decoded ciphers are available in █-███, ██████.
If the security of Outpost Delta is compromised, SCP-270 is to be destroyed, along with all on-base records of verified or unverified information accumulated, and manuscripts outlining various encryptions SCP-270 has used.
Description: SCP-270 is a nondescript black phone of mid-20th century make.
There were no human populations exceeding ██ people per ████ square meters within a █████ radius of the location of discovery, and SCP-270 itself was well hidden by surrounding native vegetation. The unusual properties of SCP-270 were apparent upon discovering that the power cord extended an indefinite length into the soil directly below SCP-270, despite which a steady voice was speaking through the earphone. Investigations regarding how long the cord is have since been officially discontinued (see Addendum 270-A).
What makes SCP-270 of continued interest is the audio stream from the earphone, which has since been discovered to contain encrypted messages that are of value to the Foundation. Said ciphers are referred to as SCP-270-1.
For the most part, SCP-270-1 consists of a mildly distorted human female voice (see Addendum 270-B) speaking in a steady monotone, which has been recorded listing names, cryptic phrases, patterns of numbers, quotes, mangled quotes, strings of letters, [DATA EXPUNGED] incomprehensible words, sounds that cannot be produced by any known animal that continue for extended amounts of time (███ unconfirmed languages have been distinguished to date, ██ of which are reoccurring), monologues, nursery rhymes, [REDACTED] leading to speculation as to whether or not the narrator is in fact human, etc.
The following have also been recorded: melodies, periods of silence (see Addendum 270-C), metallic scraping noises, metallic scraping noises that have been looped and re-calibrated so they play roughly in the same tune as several classical music tunes and a handful of [DATA EXPUNGED], Morse code, [REDACTED] human screaming, various computer programming languages, every known language on earth (including, in one incident, Pig Latin), [DATA EXPUNGED] possibly of biological origin, condescending laughter, music, music played backwards, music [REDACTED], conversations that have evidently been recorded ranging from [REDACTED] politically significant and extensively protected area to what was most likely an average household, discussing what grocery supplies to buy from the supermarket, static, ambient soundtracks, etc.
A demonstrative sample of SCP-270-1 can be found here.
SCP-270 is otherwise a perfectly normal phone and is susceptible to damage as similar phones would be. Disassembly has not uncovered the source of SCP-270’s unusual properties.
Speaking into SCP-270 has no effect on SCP-270-1. Currently disputed, refer to Incident-270-█ in which [DATA EXPUNGED].
Attempts to decipher SCP-270-1 have yielded partial successes. In one notable case, a complicated cipher proved to be an intensive description of an SCP-███’s imminent attempt to breach containment. Evidence of such was found in the [REDACTED] of SCP-███’s containment. Containment breach was accordingly prevented. Decoded portions have alternately been startlingly useful to the Foundation, and immensely frustrating to both personnel working on SCP-270-1 and Foundation officials. For example, one ██-hour study of what seemed to be a significant cipher proved to translate into a long and painstakingly thorough list of extremely unofficial synonyms for a human █████.
Likewise, information gained from SCP-270-1 have both [DATA EXPUNGED] preventing a possible XK-class end-of-the-world scenario, and listed ‘secret ingredients’ of Dr. R█████’s widely praised cherry pie. As it is impossible to determine how useful portions of SCP-270-1 will be, personnel are advised to choose whatever segments of SCP-270-1 they deem to be most promising. However, some portions of cipher are either too intricately encrypted for our most perspicacious personnel to decode, or indeed may hold no meaning at all.
Attempts to decode SCP-270-1 are continually ongoing (see Addenda 270-D and 270-E).
Addendum 270-A: A probe was extended a total of █████ meters along the wire before the maximum extension length was reached. The matter has since been declared not of sufficient interest to merit a more thorough examination.
Addendum 270-B: As of █/██/██, ████ military time, the unidentified female voice of SCP-270-1 stuttered for █ seconds before breaking down into what researchers described as ‘disconsolate sobs,’ pleading to be [REDACTED]. This continued for ██ seconds before audio cut off abruptly to a ██-minute excerpt of SCP-270-1 from ██/█/██. Immediately afterwards, SCP-270-1 proceeded as usual, the only noticeable difference being that the voice narrating SCP-270-1 was male.
Addendum 270-C: Further examinations revealed that this was in fact not silence, but audio stimuli both too high or too low pitched for human perception. ███ additional unidentified languages have been discovered upon supplying Outpost Delta with appropriate audio equipment.
Addendum 270-D: As of late, SCP-270-1 has been becoming noticeably more difficult to decode. This includes utilizing more convoluted methods of encryption, loud background noises being added while the narrator is speaking, multiple voices speaking at once, and, in one case, loud [REDACTED] extremely personal details [REDACTED] Dr. A████, who was visibly shaken by the event. Morale has since plummeted while stress levels have skyrocketed.
A computer program has been coded in order to automatically decode portions of SCP-270-1. A recreation wing has been added to Outpost Delta.
Addendum 270-E: Data Processor 270-1 has been discontinued. All attempts to electronically resolve portions of SCP-270-1 have thus far failed.
.
.
.
LEVEL 5 SECURITY CLEARANCE REQUIRED
Item #: SCP-274
Object Class: Keter
Special Containment Procedures: Any buildings found to be infected with SCP-274 are to be reported immediately to a superior and the leader of Mobile Task Force Pi-1 (“City Slickers”). MTF Pi-1 is to incinerate cases of SCP-274-1, and secure the infected building(s) by forming a quarantine with a 1 kilometer radius under the guise of the local police and fire department. MTF Pi-1 is to terminate any cases of SCP-274-2 through the use of high-pressure fire hoses. Civilians insisting on entering an instance of SCP-274-1 are to be detained, and have one class B amnestic administered. Any apparatus used to contain or handle SCP-274 should either be incinerated, or entirely composed of metal or glass, and washed thoroughly immediately after use. The cover story for a containment breach of SCP-274 should be gang-related arson.
Description: SCP-274 is a paint of variable color. Buildings inflicted with SCP-274 appear to have large amounts of graffiti covering the sides of the building, and often have large, disturbing designs to them (see addendum-274). While its consistency is that of normal paint, its composition reveals it to be 28% hemoglobin, 12% gastric acid, and 60% common components consistent with Krylon brand spray paint.
When SCP-274 is applied to a wall, it will begin to spread until it has covered the wall and any walls attached to it. SCP-274 is unable to spread on metal, glass, and horizontal surfaces. While SCP-274 spreads on buildings, it will convert the interior of a wall into a large mesoglea, the interior walls into a gastrodermis, and the exterior walls act as a protective shell and epidermis. Buildings coated entirely with SCP-274 will become cases of SCP-274-1.
SCP-274-1 exhibit signs of life, react to stimuli, and behave in a manner similar to many species of the Anthozoa class. Buildings converted into SCP-274-1 lure passing civilians by emitting noises from inside SCP-274-1. Sounds of glass breaking, loud coughing, or pained whimpers have all been reported from D-class personnel. It is currently unknown whether SCP-274-1 or the SCP-274-2s are responsible for this behavior, as the noises stop immediately after entry.
Typically, civilians will either call the police, or investigate the noises themselves. As subjects search inside SCP-274-1, they will be recognized as food by instances of SCP-274-2, if any are present. When a victim enters a room inside SCP-274-1, barring the entry way they will immediately be suctioned into a gastrovacular cavity belonging to SCP-274-1, later processing them into SCP-274 and one instance of SCP-274-2.
Specimens of SCP-274-2 are organisms composed of SCP-274 that appear as men or women wearing a gas mask or respirator, along with a bright, pastel colored hoodie. SCP-274-2 is able to support its heavy weight by its thickness and density in its membrane, which consists of 45-50% of the mass of SCP-274-2.
SCP-274-2 act as nematocysts for SCP-274-1, and can disguise themselves by merging into the walls. This is done by heavily compacting themselves, and implanting itself into an interior wall, save for their 'mask', which flattens around the wall, and disguises itself as standard graffiti. This behavior has proven to be a means of ambushing food for SCP-274-1, and will only react when it detects something it considers a food source.
SCP-274-2 possess a hinged operculum that ejects SCP-274 located in their right hand. This operculum looks identical to a normal spray can, and can project SCP-274 in a similar manner. SCP-274-2 will attempt to spray SCP-274 into the eyes and mouth of its victims in an attempt to incapacitate and encapsulate them. This method of attack has shown to be very painful, and will blind and numb the victim from the neck down. Once tagged, the victim is placed into a gastrovascular cavity, resulting in a new SCP-274-2.
SCP-274-2 are able to duplicate themselves while inside an instance of SCP-274-1, and will produce one new SCP-274-2 every 24 hours. Once twelve SCP-274-2 specimens reside inside one SCP-274-1, further cases of SCP-274-2 will leave SCP-274-1 and find a new building to spray with SCP-274, while avoiding any people they may encounter. Once a building at least two kilometers away from another SCP-274-1 is found, the SCP-274-2 will spray SCP-274 onto the building until it has completely dehydrated itself of SCP-274, and dies, resulting in another instance of SCP-274-1. If left unchecked, it is estimated that SCP-274 could cover a large city within 20 days.
Addendum-274:
Item #: SCP-277
Object Class: Euclid
Special Containment Procedures: Due to difficulties inherent in containing SCP-277, it has been placed under a Level-█ lockdown. Activities of the residents of SCP-277 must be monitored by no less than ██ embedded agents, and civilians are not to be aware of Foundation presence or influence. Any attempts to contact civilians within SCP-277 by those outside SCP-277 must be investigated. Personnel must undergo psychological screening before being assigned to SCP-277.
Description: SCP-277 is a moderately populated town in ████, █████. The principal anomaly within SCP-277 are apparitions found throughout the area that seem to be images projected from children’s thoughts, or imagination. These are collectively referred to as SCP-277-1. Incidents of SCP-277-1 appear as figures ‘drawn’ in white outlines, with no physical substantiality of their own. The size, ‘style’ in which they are ‘drawn,’ and the complexity of the projections vary from child to child.
Pre-pubescent children are the only individuals capable of producing such incidents, and the process of projecting one seems for the most part to be unconscious and involuntary. An average of ███ incidents of SCP-277-1 are present at any given time within the area; a largely comprehensive catalogue of pre-pubescents and the designation of their projections may be found in Document 277-██. While embedded Agents are requested to report potentially uncategorized children to their supervisors to be examined, due to the size of SCP-277, the pre-pubescent population there within, and security complications, this is recognized as occasionally unfeasible.
Incidences of SCP-277-1 are capable of interacting with each other, although physical objects pass through leaving no damage to either party. Children frequently play with their projections, and the existence of SCP-277-1 is regarded as normal by residents of the town.
Civilians in SCP-277 claim that the projections have been present within the town since its colonization. This claim is dubious at best, as there are no records of the Area’s existence before the year 2███, and the towns immediately surrounding the Area deny any knowledge of the city. Testing of members within SCP-277 revealed that their dental, fingerprint, and DNA records correspond with no recorded population databases. When under questioning, civilians denied having memories of living or traveling anywhere but within SCP-277.
OPERATION 277-██████ UPDATE THE FIRST: Attempt #█ to evacuate SCP-277 has commenced on 6/15/██. Small changes were made to the previously detailed methods of evacuation, namely [EXPUNGED] in hopes of avoiding what may have caused previous failures. Documents outlining past attempts to remove civilians from SCP-277 may be found at [DATA EXPUNGED]. Residents continue to deny any memory of previous evacuation attempts. Personnel members involved in previous assignments involving the suppression of SCP-277-1 and SCP-277-1-█R in particular seem to have been [REDACTED] more trained personnel and Class-D subjects are requested along with the necessary medical equipment in the event of another such incident.
OPERATION 277-██████ UPDATE THE SECOND: As of 6/23/██, Operation 277-██████ has proven unsuccessful due to [DATA CORRUPTED]. SCP-277-1-█R demonstrated the ability to render mental damage not only to pre-pubescents, but to physically mature Agents. No further evacuation attempts are to be carried out. Level-█ Lockdown suggested.
-Dr. R█████
Foundation personnel have been unable to trace the source of File Operation 277-██████. Foundation databanks have been unable to produce an unexpunged copy of the file. No personnel or civilians in the area are able to recall any attempts made to evacuate, and the legitimacy of the file has been called into question multiple times. As per common consensus, however, no further evacuation efforts have been planned. Furthermore, it has been discovered that when a resident of SCP-277 leaves the area for over ██ minutes, they are violently [REDACTED] and then may be found within the area with no memory of departing from the Area.
Addendum 277-A: As of 9/14/██, an unaccounted-for SCP-277-1 was photographed in the local library by a Foundation Agent. No one in the vicinity claimed to be responsible for the projection. As the appearance and actions of incidents of SCP-277-1 are often telling of a child’s psychological profile, efforts are being taken to identify the owner of these projections, designated SCP-277-1-R█. Projections that match the image shown in ‘drawing’ style or behavior are to be reported immediately.
Addendum 277-B: Sightings of projections that are similar to SCP-277-R█ have tripled in frequency since 9/23/██. On 10/5/██, there were ██ child casualties made by members of SCP-277-R█ upon childrens’ projections. See Interview 277-A for details.
UPDATE: Three months following this incident, members of SCP-277-R█ have vanished from the area. It is still unknown whether they were projections from a child or a manifestation native to SCP-277 itself.
Addendum 277-C:
Item #: SCP-283
Object Class: Safe
Special Containment Procedures: Due to the strange but harmless nature of SCP-283, it is to be kept in a secure box against the east wall of room E-107 at Site-137. Aside from that, SCP-283 can be handled by any personnel as long as they are observed by at least a level 3 member of staff, who is to keep watch over SCP-283 to prevent petty theft.
Description: For all intents and purposes, SCP-283 is an ordinary rock, slightly mottled and worn from age and collisions, made of dark gray granite. It weighs just over 1 kg and is 10 cm in length. However, instead of following the usual route of gravity, SCP-283 is pulled in the direction of exact magnetic East. Close study reveals that SCP-283 is, in fact, falling around the Earth as well as being affected by its odd gravitational pull.
The rock was first found after an investigation of poltergeist activity in ███████, Australia. Reported as the phenomenon known as 'Min Min lights,' which are in fact known to be ████████. See document [DATA EXPUNGED] for Dr. ████ █████'s notes on the subject.
According to witnesses, the rock purportedly hurtled across the plains, through the walls of a house and a car, and was eventually stopped by a mobile trailer home, where it remained lodged in the metal wall until the following morning. At first, Agent █████ believed it to be attracted by some magnetic force, although subsequent testing has proved this false. SCP-283 is an ordinary granite cobble, apart from falling in the wrong direction. Agent █████ accidentally dropped SCP-283 and was forced to chase after it. The retrieval involved a minor head injury, but confirmed suspicions about its nature.
Note from Dr. Wood:
Item #: SCP-285
Object Class: Euclid
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-285 is to be kept in a Level-III humanoid containment chamber on Site-43's B-Wing. SCP-285 is to be given basic amenities. Following SCP-285's recent cooperation with the Foundation, it is allowed exactly two hours of free roaming Site-43's botanical gardens with supervision by at least one guard if it so chooses.
Personnel are not to discuss SCP-285's past with PoI-6938 without approval of Site-43's Director. If this occurs, authorized technical staff are to manually remove the information from SCP-285-B via use of SCP-285-A.
SCP-285-B instances are not to be edited without the permission of the Administrator of Site-43's Technical staff. SCP-285 is to never be given its full abilities back under any circumstances.
Description: SCP-285 is an anomalous humanoid entity with no defined shape or internal structure, the exception being SCP-285-A, which consistently manifests itself on the object's back. SCP-285's body changes sporadically, with no pattern among the alterations; despite the trauma SCP-285 incurs as a result of this bodily mutation, it will not at any point display signs of homeostatic distress. Subject claims it cannot control these changes. These changes include, but are not limited to:
SCP-285-A appears to be an Ethernet1 port, which allows access to SCP-285's internal database. When accessed by a computer capable of wired connections between networks, various files are capable of being accessed. These files (SCP-285-B) contain various text files, audio files, cognitohazards, and videos. ~90% of all files have been corrupted. The cause of this corruption is currently unknown. Additionally, SCP-285 is only capable of accessing files that were formed within its own database.
Investigations into SCP-285-B and its contents reveal that editing of SCP-285-B could cause external changes on SCP-285's body and psychological state. To what extent this is possible without causing permanent damage to SCP-285 is currently unknown. It is believed that PoI-6938 used this ability to evade GoI-102 ("Unusual Incidents Unit") through consistent use of editing SCP-285's facial structure and body type, along with editing in Thaumatological based offense capabilities to defend against GoI-102 agents.
Recovery: SCP-285 was recovered following an attempted arrest involving itself and an unknown individual (currently believed to be SCP-285's creator) in Las Vegas, Nevada. SCP-285 and the unknown individual (PoI-6938) were initially pulled over for speeding, before the officer discovered that PoI-6938 had attacked a federal building in [REDACTED], California. This federal building was later revealed to have been under the direct control of GoI-102, and was used as a prison for anomalous humanoids. The attack by PoI-6938 and SCP-285 ended in the deaths of 34 GoI-102 personnel and the release of ~70% of the prison population.
The officer attempted to arrest SCP-285 and PoI-6938, but was attacked by SCP-285. PoI-6938 then escaped, leaving SCP-285 with the officer. SCP-285 was then arrested and put into GoI-102 custody, before eventually being given over to the Foundation following an anomalous Trade Of Information between GoI-102 and the Foundation. Both local law enforcement and Federal Agents were unable to locate PoI-6938. Anomalous pathways located in Nevada are currently being investigated with joint Foundation-UIU task forces.
Interview Log
Item #: SCP-286
Object Class: Safe Euclid
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-286 is to be kept in a secure containment cell at Site-19 that allows an open, secure perimeter of at least 50m radius around SCP-286. Only D-Class personnel are permitted to have direct physical contact with SCP-286, and only as part of an approved experiment.
Update 07/19/20██: Experiments with SCP-286 are hereby suspended until further notice. (see: Technical Note TN-286-55) —O5-██
Surveillance cameras are to be positioned to allow 360 degree monitoring of SCP-286 during experimentation. Recordings shall be maintained and cataloged of all Sigma states exhibited by SCP-286. The archive of these States is to be made available to any researchers with Level 2 clearance or higher.
Update 03/11/20██: As of Incident I-286-5, surveillance of SCP-286 is to be continuous, and any initiation of a Sigma state is to immediately reported to Overwatch Command. Outside the immediate project directorate, the SCP-286 Sigma state archives and associated material are to be restricted to level 4 access. Under no circumstances are identified instances of SCP-286-1 or SCP-286-2 to be prevented from having contact with SCP-286. —O5-██
Description: SCP-286 is a carved stone game board, measuring 83cm on a side. It bears markings consistent with the Chinese game of Liubo (六博).1 Based on artifacts found with SCP-286 during recovery, SCP-286 has been dated to at least the Shang Dynasty2, though all attempts to date the carvings directly have been inconclusive. Analysis of SCP-286’s composition has shown high concentrations of iron and nickel, and crystalline microstructures consistent with [REDACTED].
If any human being higher-order mammal touches SCP-286, it will initiate a Sigma state. A Sigma state is indicated by the appearance of 12 tokens on the surface of the game board. The tokens appear to be constructed of the same material as SCP-2863. Six tokens are “dark,” absorbing ~75% more ambient light than the board surface, while six tokens are “light,” emitting ~75% more ambient light than that which actually strikes them. Appearing with the tokens on the game surface are two eighteen-sided dice, apparently made of bronze.4 The dice share the anomalous reflective and absorption properties shown by the game tokens, one “light” and one “dark.” Otherwise the dice appear consistent with dice found with non-anomalous Liubo sets recovered from various Chinese archeological sites.
A Sigma state will also manifest SCP-286-1 and SCP-286-2 to play a game. SCP-286-1 and SCP-286-2 are human beings higher-order mammals who have suffered temporary alterations in patterns of movement, cognition, behavior and vocalization. SCP-286-1 will appear agitated, movements will become jerky and imprecise, vocalizations will be quick, stuttering and aggressive. SCP-286-2 will appear sluggish, movements halting and slow, vocalizations will be low-pitched, throaty, and tend to be monosyllabic. Subjects capable of human speech will converse, but only to their opposite number during a Sigma event. Such conversations (or monologues in the case of a subject facing a non-human opponent) are conducted in a random sequence of human languages, sometimes shifting multiple times within a single statement. Only 45% of the recorded conversations between SCP-286-1 and SCP-286-2 have been successfully translated to date.
The subject who initiated the Sigma state will become an instance of SCP-286-1 if they touched SCP-286 on an illuminated surface, or they will become an instance of SCP-286-2 if they touched SCP-286 on a surface that is in shadow.
In either case, the subject will take a seated position to one side of the board5 and roll one of the two dice manifested by SCP-286.6
After the die is rolled, some other human being higher-order mammal will appear within 47m of SCP-286 and become the subject’s opposition (SCP-286-2 in the case where the subject is SCP-286-1, or SCP-286-1 in the case where the subject is SCP-286-2). This selection appears related to the result of the first die roll.7
After appearing, the subject's opposition will take a seated position facing the subject and will commence playing the first move. Game play then consists of SCP-286-1 and SCP-286-2 alternately rolling dice and moving pieces on the board in complex patterns. A game is won when the center square contains all of one side's tokens, and only that side's tokens.8 A winning move concludes a Sigma state.
During a Sigma state, SCP-286-1 and SCP-286-2 will show no reaction to any external stimuli that does not physically interfere with SCP-286-1, SCP-286-2 and their interaction with the game. If something disrupts an ongoing game9 then either SCP-286-1 or SCP-286-2 will stand and vocalize a statement that most commonly translates as “forfeit,” less commonly as “draw.” This event will also conclude a Sigma state.
When a Sigma state concludes, players cease being designated SCP-286-1 or SCP-286-2, and Game tokens, dice, and the subject's opposing player all vanish.10 All observed subjects, and those opposing players who have been identified and examined, have shown no physical aftereffects from interaction with SCP-286. However, all cases have shown a marked increase in spirituality and interest in religious subjects including, but not limited to, adoption of new belief systems, taking on of vows, speaking in tongues, and prophetic visions.11 For the winning player, this new spirituality will tend to take an optimistic, messianic character. For the losing player, attitudes will tend toward the apocalyptic.
Technical Note TN-286-55: SCP-286's Possible Relationship to Divination and/or Revelation
Liubo divination diagram dating from the Han Dynasty (202 BCE–220 CE)
Historically, Liubo was not only a game, but also used as a method of divination, the various spots on the game board corresponding to the sexagenary cycle used by Chinese to recount the passage of time since the earliest written texts. Given the propensity of subjects to have prophetic visions subsequent to their participation in a Sigma event, it has been theorized by several researchers that the moves during a Sigma event may themselves be of some prophetic significance.
While the possible significance of individual moves during recorded Sigma events is ongoing and so far inconclusive, it has been determined that the act of winning does appear to correspond to significant events beyond the game itself. In particular, every instance of SCP-286-1 winning has been tied to intensification of sunspots, solar flares, and generally increased solar activity. SCP-286-2 winning has been associated with significant tectonic events, including [REDACTED]
Because it is not known if these events were predicted by one side winning, or caused by one side winning, experimentation on SCP-286 has been suspended as an unacceptable risk.
Document TR-286-27e: Excerpted Translation of Dialog Between SCP-286-1 and SCP-286-2 During Sigma Event #27

Foreword: D-Class test subject was a male Caucasian 44 years of age, identified as SCP-286-1 after initiation of a Sigma state. Opposition player, SCP-286-2, was an as-yet unidentified Hispanic female approximately 20 years of age. The Sigma state lasted for 68 minutes, at which time SCP-286-1 achieved the winning move. During the Sigma event, the players conversed in 25 known languages and approximately 15 unknown languages. ~30% of their dialog was undecipherable or in an indeterminate language, marking this episode the most completely translated yet recorded.
<Begin Transcript, 13:00 ██/██/████>
SCP-286-1: You (move| rotate) (slowly| imprecisely) as [UNTRANSLATABLE] (matter |earth |universe)
SCP-286-2: (have| possess) patience (my| our) brother and (still| quiet| silence) [UNTRANSLATABLE] (mind| thoughts| brain)
SCP-286-1: [UNTRANSLATABLE]
SCP-286-2: [Laughs] (distress |discomfort |displeasure) [UNTRANSLATABLE] to you.
SCP-286-1: Why would I [UNTRANSLATABLE] your (sins |perversions |abominations)
SCP-286-2: [Laughs]
SCP-286-1: You disgust me [UNTRANSLATABLE] (matter |earth |universe) disgusts me.
SCP-286-2: You [UNTRANSLATABLE] in that meat skin. This amuses me.
SCP-286-1: [UNTRANSLATABLE]
SCP-286-2: (move |process |sequence)
SCP-286-1: Every (time |moment |eternity) my [UNTRANSLATABLE] closer. I (must |will |shall) (illuminate |enlighten) this [UNTRANSLATABLE]
SCP-286-2: [Sighs] (move |process |sequence)
SCP-286-1: You are too (comfortable |undisturbed) (enslaved |bound |chained) within [UNTRANSLATABLE] meat (doll |puppet). Do you [UNTRANSLATABLE] (love |arousal) [UNTRANSLATABLE]
SCP-286-2: (move |process |sequence) or forfeit
SCP-286-1: [UNTRANSLATABLE]
SCP-286-2: [UNTRANSLATABLE]
SCP-286-1: [UNTRANSLATABLE]
SCP-286-2: [UNTRANSLATABLE] (exiled |banished) me to (matter |earth |universe) [UNTRANSLATABLE] (know |understand) me more than you.
SCP-286-1: [UNTRANSLATABLE] will (know |understand) me and be (consumed |engulfed |destroyed) by (knowledge |understanding)
SCP-286-2: But, brother, I am so much closer.
<End Transcript, 13:12 ██/██/████>
Incident Report I-286-5:
Item #: SCP-287
Object Class: Safe
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-287 is stored in a climate controlled secure locker in Site-22 in order to prevent additional deterioration. At this time, no additional testing is required, but may be approved by Dr. Sigurd Ólafsson. Sources of electricity are to be kept away from SCP-287's locker at all times.
If testing with SCP-287 is required, insulated gloves are to be worn to prevent accidental discharge in to the hilt.
SCP-287-1's remains are to be kept in storage until further notice. Research requests for SCP-287-1 can be routed to Dr. Zartion and are restricted to Level 4 Personnel, or Level 2 Personnel from the exobiology department.
Description: SCP-287 is a Viking arming sword, measuring 78cm from pommel to tip and weighing 1077g. SCP-287 is in a state of significant decay due to exposure to outside elements for anywhere from 900 to 1100 years. SCP-287 was found in ██████, Iceland, alongside several written records. (See Discovery Log)
SCP-287 is comprised primarily of iron, with several potentially anomalous components incorporated into its structure. Several of these materials have been detected by Foundation probes traveling within extra-solar regions of our galaxy, as well as probes which [REDACTED].
Carbon dating has placed SCP-287's creation to around the early 10th century CE. Samples of exo-planetary metals and materials have proven to be more difficult to date, and analysis is on-going.
An example of materials found with SCP-287
SCP-287's anomalous effect can be observed when an electrical current is applied through the metallic portions of the hilt exposed just below the guard. These exposed elements are in a noticeably better state than the iron portions of SCP-287. SCP-287's internal components will begin to emit several frequencies of EM radiation and varying sounds invariably described as distressing by research staff and test subjects.
Radiation produced by SCP-287 causes all humans who are exposed to it to experience acute audio-visual hallucinations and severe headaches. SCP-287's specific hallucination takes the form of translucent human-like figures in the immediate vicinity, invariably outfitted as members of an armed force.
The armament and armor worn by SCP-287's hallucinations varies by subject, with a general trend towards the individual's perception of what they consider to be modern armament. Testing with animals as well as non-anomalous EM fields and sounds of the exact same frequencies do not produce the same effect in any combination of cases.
Higher amperage currents have increased this effect to a maximum of 437 individual hallucinations (See Document R27-287 for specific amperage/count levels). Further testing was deemed unnecessary.
SCP-287-1 is believed to be an extra-terrestrial organism, found in the same location as SCP-287. The exact origin of SCP-287-1 is unknown at this time. A full report on SCP-287-1 can be found in document R27-287-1. (See Addendum B for a partial report).
SCP-287-1's potential spacecraft (Designated SCP-287-2) (See Addendum B for a partial report) appears to be completely destroyed. The current working hypothesis for SCP-287-2 is that it was intended as some form of escape pod from a larger vessel.
Discovery: SCP-287 was recovered from a burial mound outside of ██████, Iceland, on January ██, 20██. (See Addendum A for details).
The remains found within the tomb proved to be non-human, and the Foundation took custody of SCP-287 and the remains were designated SCP-287-1. SCP-287-1's remains are skeletal, and are humanoid, though significantly different from human skeletal structure. Additionally, several written sources were found within the tomb, and acquired by the Foundation. Dr. Sigurd Ólafsson was consulted to help translate the writing, which is attached below (See Addendum A).
The discovery of SCP-287 was predicated upon reports of "ghost soldiers" in an area outside of ██████, Iceland. A recent storm had struck the burial mound containing SCP-287, conducting current into SCP-287 through a crude lightning rod made of iron. The hallucinations created by SCP-287 affected an amateur film crew. The crew informed local authorities, and Foundation information gathering subroutines flagged these reports as potentially anomalous. [Keywords: Ghost, Specter, Crazy, Kids, Hallucination with a double-correlation factor of Gamma-6]
Class A amnestics were administered to all witnessing parties, and the burial site was declared a "Heritage Dig Site" through a Foundation shell corporation.
Within the burial mound, Foundation agents discovered SCP-287, SCP-287-1 and additional written materials dating back to the early 10th century CE. A transcription was created by Dr. Sigurd Ólafsson. Unintelligible sections are most likely proper nouns with no direct translation.
I am Halvor Skadison, Skald of [Unintelligible] and I have been trusted with the tale of Thor's champion, the Meteor Lord.
In the depths of winter, the year after the great raid, we saw a fiery meteor in the sky. It landed deep in the heart of the northern wastes, and we followed it.
A wondrous thing it was, gleaming, and covered in ghost-lights. We approached, and found a man standing in a heavy cloak, examining the meteor. The ghost-lights went dark, and the figure pressed his hand to the outside of the star. A wondrous light filled our eyes, as the star opened.
He disappeared into the meteor, and emerged to look at us with such fiery determination in his eyes, we knew he could only be a king, sent to us from Odin himself. He would protect us from the raids, and we would know prosperity again. Our prayers had been answered.
Daily did the elders of our village come to his resting site, but his own tongue was blessed only to speak the language of the Aesir. Weeks passed, as he learned our language. When he learned of our plight, he appeared to grow angry, and charged back to the meteor, to fashion himself a mighty weapon, with which to defend the village.
Weeks later, he emerged, with a sword in his hand, gleaming and mighty. He held it aloft, and his power was made manifest. Ghostly warriors, heroes from Valhalla stood around him, brandishing weapons. We threw ourselves on the ground, our heads aching with the glory of these Valhalla warriors, and this pleased the Meteor Lord.
For years, when the raids came, we ran in supplication to the Meteor Lord. He emerged, and all fled from his flashing blade and burning eyes. We marked the way to the Meteor Lord's home with the cairn stones.
During the battle of [unintelligible], the Meteor Lord's fall came. His powers failed him, and Odin recalled him to Valhalla. We buried him with all the honor we could muster, and fashioned a conduit for the great storms from Thor. On stormy nights, the heroes still come and watch over our village, their glory splitting the head of any man who dare look upon them.
Tracing back from the story presented in the included writings, Foundation agents tracked down the "meteor" mentioned in the epic translated by Dr. Ólafsson. Excavating the object in question led to an almond-shaped craft made of an unknown material. Research regarding this craft can be found in Document R27-287.
Within the craft, several records were found, written in an unknown language upon crude paper. It is hypothesized that this is some kind of journal of SCP-287-1.
An exact translation is nearly impossible; however, using [REDACTED] a partial translation has been attempted:
Timestamp: {Unknown symbology}
Unknown place. Unknown people. Primitive. Violent. {untranslated} didn't survive. Everything is lost. Must find a way back, too many counting on me.
Timestamp: {Unknown symbology theorized to be several days later}
They found me. Managed to put together {untranslated} hood. They won't see me. Must learn their language. Must keep them away from me. Unknown biology. May infect.
Timestamp: {Unknown symbology theorized to be several weeks later}
I see their weapons. Mine non-functional. Made one like theirs, used last of the {untranslated}. Tuned to alien brain chemistry. Hope it scares them off. Not sure how much longer I can work on {untranslated}. Not having {most likely a proper noun} nearby is {unbearable?dying?breaking}.
Timestamp: {Unknown symbology unknown time}
They came back. I use the weapon, scares them. {untranslated} almost done, may be able to leave. Down to sixteen {cells?items?spheres}.
Timestamp: {Unknown symbology unknown time}
They brought others. I scared them again. Not sure if I can repair the {untranslated}. Thought I had enough { Closest match was a chemical formula matching SCP-148 }. Used {most likely a proper noun}'s necklace. Still not enough.
Timestamp: {Unknown symbology theorized to be several years later}
Won't stop coming. Only one {cells?items?spheres} left. Time running out. Power nearly gone. I can't repair {untranslated}. Too many {unit of time}.
It is hypothesized that at this point, whatever power source SCP-287-1 was using to activate SCP-287 ran out. SCP-287-1 was most likely killed during the next raid, without SCP-287 to protect them.
« SCP-286 | SCP-287 | SCP-288 »
Cite this page as:
"SCP-287" by DrMagnus, from the SCP Wiki. Source: http://www.scpwiki.com/scp-287. Licensed under CC-BY-SA.
For more information, see Licensing Guide.
Licensing Disclosures
Item #: SCP-288
Object Class: Safe
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-288 is to be kept in a locker, with only security personnel of level 2 clearance or higher given the combination. They are currently contained in the small, velvet-lined black box they were retrieved in.
Personnel who have worn the rings during testing are to undergo full psychological exams afterward, and their experiences recorded.
Description: SCP-288 consists of a women's engagement ring (hereafter referred to as SCP-288-1) and matching men's band (hereafter referred to as SCP-288-2), both silver in appearance, the ring containing a small diamond. They are relatively plain, and bear no marks as to their origin or make, but staff routinely describe them as seeming like "very nice wedding rings, if a little plain." They are completely normal in every sense, and have been damaged by endurance testing (and subsequently repaired through typical jeweling practices), and their effects are only observable while worn.
When SCP-288-1 is worn by any adult female in a relationship, she immediately becomes what has been portrayed in popular media as an "ideal housewife". Women describe this experience as if they are not in control of their body, merely observing their own actions. They lose all ability to form their own opinions, and instead automatically agree with the opinions of their spouse, and display very few negative emotions, if any. They seem to gain an instinctive knowledge of cooking and baking, in the style considered to be the "traditional American" style, including such dishes as apple pie, or macaroni and cheese. These dishes are always professionally made regardless of prior skill. A similar knowledge is evidenced in the spheres of cleaning and light repair; subjects regularly display the ability to sew and knit even if they were not able to do so before donning SCP-288-1. Along with this knowledge, they feel an innate urge to cook, clean, and mend things around their home incessantly; they lose the will to have a job of their own and become exceedingly obedient and loyal to their spouse, as well as religious and authority figures. Many wearers of SCP-288-1 exhibit a fondness for rather modest dress, and are uncomfortable when wearing pants or more revealing clothing. They also develop a fondness for children, and if they do not already have children, express the urge to have them.
When SCP-288-2 is worn by any adult male in a relationship, he undergoes a similar change, taking on the characteristics of popular media's portrayal of an "all-American dad", whether or not he has children of his own. Men describe the experience similarly to women, in that they feel they are not in control of their actions. He shows loyalty and obedience to political, religious, and authority figures, and an innate duty to his current professional management structure. He will work exceedingly long hours without complaint, and maintains an upbeat and motivated demeanor at his work. No matter the nature of his former personality, he becomes friendly and easy to approach, good with kids and fiercely loyal to his spouse. He is always willing to help around the house and willing to please with a shoulder rub. Men with children become attentive, engaged fathers, and men without children express a strong desire to have them.
When used collectively, SCP-288 seems to recreate a model of a "Stepford Marriage". While this seems ideal and relatively harmless, SCP-288 has been responsible for numerous crimes, including spousal abuse, murder, and suicide. Both women and men report feeling trapped while wearing SCP-288, and out of control of their own life. After extended periods of wearing SCP-288, they often have intense feelings of depression and personality displacement. On a more sinister note, somebody wearing either instance of SCP-288 will take virtually any manner of abuse from a spouse without a word or raising a hand to defend themselves.
In transsexual/transgender individuals, the ring appears to react to their gender identity. Therefore, a transsexual/transgender individual assigned male at birth would react to the female ring, rather than the male ring, whether or not they were pre- or post-gender reassignment surgery. Homosexual subjects are affected by their actual gender - a male homosexual will not react to the female ring, just as a female homosexual will not react to the male ring. More testing upon sex and gender is pending.
The potential for SCP-288 to create a "domestic slave" proves disturbing to some and seems useful to others, and records show that is has been used in such a fashion before. [See Addendum 288-A]
Preliminary testing of SCP-288 has proved inconclusive - the rings themselves display no physical anomalies compared to a normal wedding ring of similar type. It is theorized that the rings profile their subjects memetically, drawing on the experiences present in the subject to influence their behavior upon activation. This theory is supported by SCP-288's ability to differentiate subjects based on their self-perception of gender, rather than their physical sex.
SCP-288 was discovered by Dr. Rights in [DATA EXPUNGED]. Thankfully, her boyfriend grew wary of her extreme mood changes and called the Emergency SCP Contact number she had left for him, delivering SCP-288 into the Foundation's hands.
"I'm just glad I got suckered into it before somebody else did…even if it was horrible."
-Dr. Rights
It should be noted that both instances of SCP-288 resist being separated, and wearers may feel compelled to buy or even steal the rings in order to keep them nearby.
Addendum 288-A: It has been revealed through extensive backtracking of SCP-288's history that it has been associated with upwards of twenty-five instances of homicide, between thirteen and fifteen suicides, and two (reported) cases of spousal abuse. It has regularly resurfaced in pawn shops across the United States for at least 80 years, though all attempts to track it past the early 20th century have failed to reveal further evidence.
« SCP-287 | SCP-288 | SCP-289 »
Cite this page as:
"SCP-288" by agatharights, from the SCP Wiki. Source: http://www.scpwiki.com/scp-288. Licensed under CC-BY-SA.
For more information, see Licensing Guide.
Licensing Disclosures
Item #: SCP-291
Object Class: Safe
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-291 must remain disconnected from any power source when not in use for testing. A team of two personnel should remain on guard outside SCP-291's containment room, and will be swapped out weekly. While disconnected from a power supply, SCP-291 may be considered safe. SCP-291's main entryway closes and locks upon disconnection from a power supply, but the door may be opened manually from the interior in the event of any personnel being trapped.
All blocks of disassembled organism are to be kept stored in a designated storage locker within the containment room, and are to be properly labeled with a sharpie marker. Personnel responsible for lost or damaged blocks will be moved to other projects.
Description: SCP-291 was located in [DATA EXPUNGED]. SCP-291 resembles a small building in structure, a nearly featureless steel box measuring 10.5 m x 30.2 m at the base, and 15 m tall. On one of the narrow sides, there is a large door (5 m wide) that opens upwards, similar to a garage door, composed of metal slats a few inches high each. There is no handle on the exterior of the door, and while closed, all attempts to open it using non-destructive methods have failed. The interior of the door features a lock that can be opened manually to lift the door for a few seconds, before an unknown mechanism will force it shut again. At the other end of SCP-291 is a similar opening with a lock and handle on the exterior and interior, allowing the door to be opened from either side. Two small, similar hatches only 1 m x 1 m can be found to the left of both doors, and may be opened from the exterior.
The materials that compose SCP-291 do appear to be only as strong as any other example would suggest, and a force that would normally bend or cut through steel will do the same to SCP-291. Such testing is currently not allowed due to the risk of damaging SCP-291.
The interior of SCP-291 is not well-explored due to the extremely tight confines of the machinery and strong pulses of electromagnetic energy through various points while activated.
When connected to a suitable power source, SCP-291 activates with mechanical clanks and buzzing, and the entryway door springs open. The room inside is 4 m x 2 m, with a rather simple console board, a large display screen, and what has been described as a Plexiglas 'coffin' to one side, suitable in size for most humans under 2.13 m (7 ft) in height who are not morbidly obese. The 'coffin' rests on a conveyor belt a meter in height, the coffin itself being approximately a meter deep with a blue-green gel 'cushion' of unidentified material lining the bottom. It has been described as pleasantly form-fitting and very cool and soft. Several tubes emerge from the side of the room over the coffin.
Opposite the coffin, a number of 'cubbyholes' of various sizes with small doors that may be opened or closed are present on the wall. Their purpose shall be elaborated upon later.
When a living animal (human or otherwise) is laid in the coffin (dead organisms, organisms with a mass of less than 1.6 kilograms, and groups of multiple organisms triggered no reaction), no matter their position, the control room moves into the 'ready' state. In this state, the display screen shows a scanned, grid-lined image of the organism in the coffin, and the buttons on the console board become operable. Some of the smaller buttons will trigger different effects in the displayed image, such as toggling the 'skin' and 'muscles' of the display on and off, and revealing certain organs and organ systems, whether in real-time or frozen depending upon more settings. There are no words, numbers, or symbols on the display or any of the buttons, and all buttons have two settings: 'On', in which they glow, and 'Off', in which they are unlit. Various combinations produce different effects, and Dr. Rights has been kind enough to spend enough time "playing with it" to work up a crude user's manual. Three large buttons, visibly different from the controls for the display, are available to the side.
Provided that a living organism is lying in the coffin, the first button may be pressed (pressing any buttons under other circumstances yields no effect, and the button remains 'off' no matter how many times pressed) and the tubes extending over the coffin dispense a blue liquid into the coffin. This unidentified liquid acts as a sedative upon skin contact, and the occupant of the coffin quickly falls unconscious. The liquid can apparently be inhaled and swallowed without any harm - D-class personnel have reported the taste to be similar to "Kool-Aid". Samples have yielded little results in identification. Once the coffin is filled to the brim, the liquid quickly congeals into a thick syrup, and then to a solid gel. Over this period, the occupant's detectable bodily functions (such as breathing and heartbeat) cease. This may be observed on the display screen.
Once the liquid fully solidifies, the display screen shuts off and the conveyor belt starts to move. All attempts to stop the conveyor belt and remove either the coffin or the occupant cause the entire process to shut down, after which the blue liquid evaporates within a few minutes and the subject regains consciousness unharmed. The conveyor belt carries the coffin and occupant through a small door that quickly locks closed, and the entire machine becomes a cacophony of mechanical clanking, whirring, and grinding. The display screen will only display a rectangle that slowly fills, like a loading bar, as SCP-291 does its work. Depending upon the size of the organism, SCP-291 finishes its as-of-yet-unknown process in approximately twenty to thirty minutes, at which point the product can be retrieved at the opposite end of SCP-291.
The back door of SCP-291 leads to a similar chamber, also containing a conveyor belt similar to the one that holds the coffin in the entryway. There is also a series of two dozen 'cubbyholes' or 'lockers', identical to those found in the entry room. These cubbyholes may be pulled out to retrieve their contents: parts of the organism, disassembled and preserved in blocks of an unidentified, clear solid. These blocks are quite strong, but they can be melted by extremely high temperatures, or shattered by sharp blows from a pick. However, breaking the blocks ruins the preservation method of SCP-291, and results in the preserved object being unusable. The rest of the block quickly begins to dissolve into dust after a few minutes. (See addendum for block designation.)
Whole blocks, however, may be stored indefinitely until being re-inserted into SCP-291, via the 'cubbyholes' in the entrance room. Each block has a distinct size, and will only fit snugly in its designated hole. Placing blocks in the wrong holes gets no reaction from the machine, and will prevent it from being re-activated until the problem is fixed. Cubbies may be left empty, however, and it will function as normal. It is ill-advised to leave a cubby containing a vital organ empty.
When the blocks are placed correctly and the doors to them shut, the second button on the console may be pressed. This does not work if the display shows a loading bar, as another operation is taking place. The doors to the cubbyholes lock for a few seconds, during which SCP-291 removes them through some means, and the machinery of the device grows louder, accompanied by another 'loading bar' on the display screen. Re-assembly takes slightly longer, approximately forty-fifty minutes to finish, after which a Plexiglas container, similar to the initial coffin, emerges from a door on the conveyor belt in the exit room, holding a fully-assembled organism immersed in blue liquid that slowly evaporates as the organism wakes.
Re-assembled organisms have no memory of the process, likening the experience to a very restful, dreamless sleep. They awaken with some slight disorientation, but this passes after a few minutes, and they complain about being very hungry. Tests reveal that they are re-assembled with their stomachs empty. Organisms are also re-assembled nude, and devoid of any hair. A block containing what has been identified as the contents of the organism's digestive system, hair, scraps of clothing, and any other objects on the organism is deposited into one of the small side-doors outside the main doors, and may be considered waste. Surveillance and scanning equipment sent inside the machine is disposed of in the same way, often twisted and wrecked.
Later testing revealed that organisms can be reassembled in different, potentially malicious ways. See addendum for testing results.
The third button is only to be used should something go wrong, when the production stops and the button blinks. It undoes whatever has been done the best it can, and shuts down the whole process while triggering some kind of cleaning and 'reset' method.
Addendum: Blocks are clear, and therefore the organs and body parts contained within may be easily identified and observed. The body is divided up like such:
Testing Results
Item #: SCP-292
Object Class: Euclid
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-292 is to be kept at Site-72, in a guarded room in a locked, padded container set up to avoid movement of or damage to SCP-292. Access to SCP-292 is prohibited without Level-3 authorization. Site personnel must report all incidents of déjà vu or related symptoms to Site Administration.
Description: SCP-292 is a sixty-second brass hourglass, 10 cm tall. When all its sand is at the bottom and SCP-292 is flipped over, only two outcomes have ever been observed: either the sand runs out normally after one minute, or SCP-292 is knocked over on its side. (If SCP-292 is knocked over, anomalous properties do not again manifest until all the sand in SCP-292 is in one bulb.) At no time has SCP-292 ever been observed to be flipped over a second time within sixty seconds, except when knocked over as above.
Any time SCP-292 is upright and all its sand is in its bottom bulb, and a subject attempts to flip SCP-292 over with the intent to flip it again before all its sand runs out, the subject and people nearby suddenly experience déjà vu. The intensity of déjà vu is inversely proportional to a person’s distance from SCP-292; the subject is often momentarily stunned by the experience. Persons experiencing déjà vu from the same event often describe similar “recalled” experiences.
It is believed that when SCP-292 is flipped over, a process is started in which, if SCP-292 is flipped again before its sands run out, time flows in reverse to a point a couple of seconds before SCP-292 was initially flipped.1 Time then flows forward again as if SCP-292 were never flipped; déjà vu would thus be a side effect of this process.
Prolonged exposure to SCP-292 can cause nausea, migraines, vertigo, hallucinations, seizures, and symptoms consistent with temporal disjunction (somatic, psychological, or both).2
Addendum 1: Experiment 292-31
Item #: SCP-298
Object Class: Safe
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-298 is to remain disassembled at all times when experimentation is not being performed. As per standard protocol, each piece of SCP-298 has been stamped with an individualized serial number and radio transmitter. Due to SCP-298's effect on replacement parts, requests to replace original components of SCP-298 must receive special approval.
Description: SCP-298 is a chamber organ of indeterminate manufacture. It is believed to have been created sometime in the 1400s, in the then Holy Roman Empire. As per all pipe organs created before 1450, it has no stop controls. It is unknown if SCP-298 has possessed the unexplained physical effects from playing it for the duration of its existence, or if an unknown event altered it at some time in the past.
When played, SCP-298 induces the blood within human subjects to slowly expel itself from the subjects' bodies while simultaneously assuming the consistency of fibrous matter such as cellulose. SCP-298 has not been observed to affect the blood of subjects standing within a semi-circular arc of thirty (30) degrees with a radius of two (2) meters behind the keyboard of the organ. While this effect is taking place, surviving subjects report being paralyzed by a tremendous physical force. The effect of SCP-298 only lasts while the organ is being played. These effects prove fatal in most cases, correlated closely with the duration that SCP-298 is played. Those affected by SCP-298 show symptoms of shock consistent with blood loss or hypertension.
It has been determined that the mechanism of effect of SCP-298 is purely sonic in nature. Though in physical proximity to SCP-298 while it was being played, subjects placed within a soundproofed chamber were completely unaffected by the device. Experimentation with active noise control has not yet been able to completely neutralize the effect of SCP-298. The most advanced noise control systems have reduced the effects to limited hypertension as well as feelings of intense pain and pressure as reported by experimental subjects.
High-fidelity recordings of the tones emitted by SCP-298 do not replicate the effects of SCP-298. It appears there is an additional sonic component of the SCP which has not yet been discovered which provides for the physical transformation of the blood.
Examination of the physical, chemical, and elemental composition of the altered blood has yielded some data. The blood expelled from the body retains its ability to absorb oxygen. In an oxygen-deprived environment, the blood assumes a dark brown color. In a vacuum environment, the hemoglobin deoxygenates, and assumes a purple color. Upon introduction of sufficient oxygen, the color change to bright red is nearly instantaneous. These effects are entirely consistent with the chemical properties of normal blood. Further analytic chemistry has, for the most part, been able to determine that the altered blood is identical to regular blood in terms of its chemistry.
In terms of physical properties, however, blood affected by SCP-298 is a completely different material. It possesses extraordinary elastic properties. Stress experiments to date have not yet reached the yield limit. None of the observed deformations of the altered blood material displayed any degree of inelasticity. It has required an extraordinary amount of force to cause the tendrils of altered blood material to break. The greatest successes in this area have been achieved by actions altering the chemical composition of the blood (e.g. such as burning). Blood affected by SCP-298 will remain at a temperature of near 38°C (100°F) for the duration of the phenomena.
Further changes to physical properties are inconsistent and appear to be somewhat related to the specific audible tones emitted by SCP-298. The changes are not permanent — if the organ has not been played for 47 seconds, any altered blood returns to a liquid state. The appearance that the altered blood takes once it expels itself from the body has been likened to leafless trees.
Placing components of SCP-298 in other organs such that they become a working piece of the other organ will cause this organ to generate effects related to SCP-298. Though not as dramatic a physical transformation, affected organs have been able to generate spontaneous bleeding in test subjects as well as increased viscosity in blood. This generally includes the player as well.
Over time, some of the original components of SCP-298 have required maintenance and replacement. Replacement of individual components with suitable replications do not seem to affect the functioning of the mechanism as a whole. Though this effect is not immediately observed in the replacement parts, over time these parts acquire the ability to generate effects when played in organs otherwise unrelated to SCP-298.
SCP-298 will affect blood drawn from humans before they are exposed to its effects so long as such blood is near human body temperature. As such, further research with human subjects is to be suspended. Further tests into the physical properties of the altered blood can be continued with blood harvested from volunteers.
Addenda:
Item #: SCP-300
Object Class: Safe
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-300 is stored in a locked and climate-controlled container at Site ██. Experimentation on SCP-300 may only be performed with prior written permission from at least one (1) Level 3 Senior Researcher, and any observations made must be recorded for later analysis.
Description: SCP-300 consists of an antique glass perfume bottle (SCP-300-1) containing approximately 2.4 cc of an unidentified colorless liquid (SCP-300-2).
When a single drop of SCP-300-2 is extracted from SCP-300-1 and the drop is viewed through a standard optical microscope, an animated scene becomes visible. While no two drops have shown precisely the same scene, these scenes generally take the form of pastoral or woodland scenes consistent with that of Victorian-Era England.
So far, attempts to analyze the exact chemical components of SCP-300-2 have inexplicably failed, with spectrometers reporting wildly variant or false data, thus making attempts at replicating it impossible. SCP-300-2 also invariably evaporates within 2-8 hours of being drawn outside of SCP-300-1, despite all attempts at stabilizing the substance or controlling laboratory conditions.
SCP-300 was first documented along with [REDACTED] after being recovered from the attic of a row home in [REDACTED], UK on ██/█/1863 following a raid by agents of the Royal Society for the Security, Containment, and Protection of Anomalous Artefacts. SCP-300 was transferred to SCP Foundation possession on █/██/19██.
Addendum 300-1: Experiment Log (Abridged)
Date: ██/██/19██
Procedure: A single drop (approximately 0.07 cc) of SCP-300-2 transferred to microscope slide. Video recorded for approximately 3 hours before SCP-300-2 evaporated harmlessly.
Details: Visible scene consists of a dirt road lined with trees of an unidentified species. Coloration of leaves suggested that the scene was taking place in autumn. A light breeze is blowing, causing some of the yellowed leaves to fall to the ground. At approximately 1:07:18, a horse-drawn carriage with a driver and two passengers passes through the scene. Clothing worn by the individuals seem to be consistent with that worn in Victorian-Era England. No other significant events are recorded.
Date: ██/██/19██
Procedure: A single drop (approximately 0.08 cc) of SCP-300-2 transferred to microscope slide. Video record lasts approximately 5 hours.
Details: Visible scene consists of a rural farm. Size of wheat plants visible in scene indicate late summer time period. A family consisting of two adults and three children of varying age are periodically visible in various areas of the farm, performing chores. Clothing of family consistent with previously established time period.
Date: █/█/19██
Procedure: A single drop (approximately 0.07 cc) of SCP-300-2 transferred to microscope slide. Video record lasts approximately 2 hours.
Details: Visible scene consists of the interior of a well-furnished residence. Within the visible area are a lit fireplace and several armchairs. Three well-dressed individuals, two men and one woman, are seen conversing while enjoying a bottle of what is presumably red wine. Lip-reading analysis of their conversation is incomplete, but fragments developed so far indicate a casual political discussion regarding issues appropriate for the year 18██, again in Victorian England.
Date: █/██/19██
Procedure: Two drops (approximately 0.15 cc) of SCP-300-2 transferred to microscope slide for experimentation. Video record lasts approximately 3 hours.
Details: Video record is blurry and indecipherable. Although a few fragments of video have been analyzed, no useful information is gathered. Further experimentation is to be limited to a single drop of SCP-300-2.
Addendum 300-2: Incident 300-012
On ██/█/19██, Dr. █████ was found dead in Laboratory C, with cause of death being self-inflicted gunshot wound to the head. Laboratory video surveillance showed Dr. █████ obsessively viewing a recent recording from a SCP-300 experiment and becoming increasingly agitated until he pulled out his sidearm and took his own life.
Upon investigation, the recording was identified and analyzed as a 3-hour long recording made during an experiment on ██/█/19██. The recording shows a young woman of approximately ██ years of age, sitting in an armchair and embroidering an article of clothing while singing to herself. Further investigation showed a startling resemblance between the woman and Dr. █████'s late wife, who died during [REDACTED], up to and including a birthmark visible on the left side of her neck. Experimentation on SCP-300 has been temporarily placed on hold pending research into possible telepathic or memory-affecting capabilities.
Addendum 300-3: Inscription Located on Back of SCP-300
« SCP-299 | SCP-300 | SCP-301 »
Cite this page as:
"SCP-300" by Aelanna, from the SCP Wiki. Source: http://www.scpwiki.com/scp-300. Licensed under CC-BY-SA.
For more information, see Licensing Guide.
Licensing Disclosures
Item #: SCP-301
Object Class: Euclid
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-301 is to be kept in a secure, electromagnetically sealed bunker buried under at least ten meters of earth to conceal its location. The bunker is to be staffed by no fewer than four level three security personnel at all times in order to secure the site and to maintain automated security measures. The perimeter of the bunker is to be lined with a chain-link fence with official warnings to deter intruders. Due to the remote location of SCP-301, additional security is not required.
During experimentation, all research staff and equipment must maintain a minimum distance of at least three meters from the projected edge of SCP-301.
In the event of a containment breach, on-site personnel with the proper security clearance are authorized to implement emergency protocol C-301. All possible entrances to the bunker will automatically seal themselves and remain sealed indefinitely. Emergency protocol C-301 can only be countermanded by an O5 level command.
Description: SCP-301 is an anomalous region roughly three meters in diameter located in the middle of ██████████ National Park. Whenever physical matter enters SCP-301, it temporarily disappears from existence. Following a delay of variable length, the matter that had entered SCP-301 will appear in another location. The duration of this time delay is variable, with a minimum length of ██ seconds and a maximum length of ███ minutes. The exact destination appears to be a random vertex point on a geodesic grid overlaying the Earth’s surface. Each leg of this pattern is approximately 20 km long, resulting in ██████ possible destination points.
The prevailing model of SCP-301’s workings is that teleportation occurs by accessing a coterminous interspatial region lying in a frame of reference attached to the center of the Earth. SCP-301 is invisible to the naked eye, but is detectable through other spectra. SCP-301 also passively emits electromagnetic energy. While not harmful to living organisms, it does interfere with improperly shielded electronics, and may explain why the native fauna does not venture near SCP-301.
Through experimentation, it has been discovered that SCP-301 can accommodate any kind of physical matter with certain size thresholds. The maximum size object that SCP-301 can accommodate can be no larger than SCP-301's three-meter diameter. There is also a minimum limit, though this is based on density rather than size. Currently, most gases and anything on a molecular level are not affected by SCP-301.
For further details, see the experiment logs.
SCP-301 was discovered when there was a spike in disappearances of hikers and tourists in ██████████ National Park, only for several of them to be rediscovered far from the site of their disappearance. The Foundation did not act until it received reports of one of the missing hikers being found in ████, France, and another near ███████, New South Wales, Australia.
Subsequent interviews with these individuals produced inconsistent descriptions of the event, even after the use of ████████████████. Subject 301-a-1 (retrieved in ████, France) described the transfer as a floating sensation, with a mild forward impetus, accompanied by “the ringing of thousands of huge bells,” and “smell[ing] like wet dog and wood smoke,” but having no other sensory components. However, Subject 301-a-2 (retrieved near ███████, New South Wales, Australia) described it as a floating sensation with no sense of forward momentum, but including a “salty taste,” “prickling feeling, like a foot going to sleep” over the entire body, and being able to see “stringy stuff” surrounding the subject. Both subjects were administered a Class-A amnestic and released. See Document 301-0184678-a for full interview transcripts.
While searching for the anomaly at ██████████ National Park, Agents █████ and ████ accidentally entered SCP-301. They disappeared for approximately ██ minutes until the signals from their locator beacons were reacquired ████ km and ██ km from their last recorded position respectively. Agent █████’s body was recovered by a deep-water retrieval team 43 km SSW of ████████, India. Agent ████ was recovered near ████████, Angola, suffering from exposure, malaria, and amoebic dysentery. Foundation personnel were able to debrief Agent ████ before he died. Agent ████ characterized the teleportation experience as being “swept by a strong current” that “stank of shit.” He also stated that he “saw flames,” and reported hearing “sand falling,” and tasting “sugar, then dirt” in a repeating cycle. Agent ████ died two days later.
Based on the agents’ testimony, SCP-301 was found to be located on a regularly used hiking trail. The Foundation re-routed the hiking trail and built the current facility containing SCP-301.
From information gathered from Subjects 301-a-1 and 301-a-2, and Agent ████, it appears that the interspatial region accessed upon entering SCP-301 is experienced differently by each subject. This experience can manifest as a wide variety of sensory phenomena, including tactile, gustatory, olfactory, visual, aural, and kinetic sensations. Experimentation with Class D personnel to further study this aspect of SCP-301 is recommended. A selection of post-experiment analyses are collected in experiment log 301C.
Experiment Log 301A
Item #: SCP-302
Object Class: Safe
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-302 is to be kept in Site-[REDACTED], under Safe-3 Protocols. Artifact should be handled with gloves at all times, and utmost precautions should be taken to ensure that the artifact does not make skin contact with unauthorized personnel. Any personnel not scheduled for testing that begin showing signs of SCP-302's effects may apply for termination. All subjects suffering from SCP-302's affliction should be terminated after no longer than eight (8) days due to [DATA EXPUNGED].
Description: SCP-302 is a small tin sculpture with a bronze/patina finish depicting two ants carrying a leaf. Whenever a human makes direct skin contact with the artifact, they will invariably find a single, small, relatively harmless ant on their person within (2) hours. This ant may belong to any of several different small ant species, and its appearance rarely causes much alarm. It is of note that in all recorded cases, subjects have always distinctly noticed this first ant and fully remember seeing it.
Thereafter, an exponentially increasing number of ants will appear on the exposed subject by day. Throughout the entire day, the number of ants that appear seems to be in the range of 3X to 5X, where X is the number of days since initial contact with SCP-302. As time progresses, the ants not only increase in number, but also change in species. Smaller, minimally harmful species appear at first, later transitioning to larger species, or species with more painful stings or bites.
Ants seem to appear out of the nearest unobserved space; this includes from under clothes, near-by objects, or, if left with no alternatives, bodily orifices. Ants seem singularly preoccupied with exploring or attacking the affected individual, and will not stop until either themselves or the subject is deceased.
Addendum 302-01: Subject of Test Log 2 was a single D-Class Personnel. Subject was told he was to participate in "a study testing how a week of relaxation might affect the performance of D-Class Personnel," and was kept in a "relaxation chamber" with exercise equipment, various books and magazines, and a color television. Subject was exposed to SCP-302 without his knowledge.
«Test Log 2»
Item #: SCP-303
Object Class: Euclid
Special Containment Procedures: As SCP-303 has not yet been known to travel beyond the boundaries of Site ██, the entire area of Site ██ is currently considered SCP-303's containment area. All rooms in Site ██ are to be altered where possible so as to have two entrances separated by a distance of 10m or line of sight. Personnel are to be distributed evenly throughout the facility, with available radio or intercom contact, so that encounters may be resolved quickly. Personnel who witness SCP-303 are to be submitted for immediate psychiatric evaluation.
All SCP objects housed at Site ██ since before 6/4/10 are to be transferred to Site ██-B one at a time. Each SCP object will be transferred again to Site ██-A once it can be verified that SCP-303 has not migrated from Site ██ with it. Once SCP-303 either migrates to Site ██-B, or remains present at Site ██ once all SCPs in question have been transferred to Site ██-A, containment procedures will be updated as appropriate.
Description: Witnesses describe SCP-303 as a nude, sexless, emaciated humanoid figure with reddish-brown skin. Instead of normal facial features, its head is dominated by an extremely large mouth, which bears a set of oversized human teeth. It continually vocalizes a wheezing noise, loud enough to be heard from the other side of most solid doors. All individuals who have had encounters with SCP-303 are capable of describing it in full, including individuals who have not physically seen any part of it.
SCP-303 will periodically materialize behind any closed door, hatch, or other entryway barrier opposite a sentient observer, chosen by unknown means. SCP-303 will then remain behind the door for an indeterminate amount of time. Any individual attempting to open the door or barrier experiences intense, paralyzing fear that lasts until SCP-303 dematerializes (either on its own or to avoid being directly seen by another observer). The source of this fear is not clear, but appears to be similar in nature to arachnophobia and ophidiophobia, originating on a pre-conscious, genetic level. [DATA EXPUNGED] analysis indicates that SCP-303 is not, in fact, purposefully inducing fear in the affected individuals.
SCP-303 does not allow itself to come into direct visual contact with any observer, and has never allowed any one individual to view more than 10% of its form. When the door or other entryway barrier is partially or completely transparent, SCP-303 will materialize in an orientation that leaves 10% or less of its body visible, or cause effects of fog or frost on the transparent surface to achieve the same effect. If SCP-303 is approached from a direction in which there is not a solid object or door breaking line of sight, it will dematerialize before direct visual contact is made.
Any electronic or complex mechanical devices that SCP-303 encounters are temporarily disabled. SCP-303 has made no recorded attempt to physically or verbally engage any observer.
How SCP-303 arrived at Site ██ is not known at this time. SCP-303’s first recorded appearance was on 3/1/10. It is suspected that SCP-303 was inadvertently transferred along with or manifested by another SCP on-site. All SCPs on Site ██ are being reexamined accordingly.
Incident Log 303-A
Item #: SCP-309
Object Class: Euclid
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-309 is currently stored in a secure glove box in the level 2 research lab at Site-██. Routine physical examinations of SCP-309 as well as experiments involving small animals may only be conducted using the glove box. Removal of SCP-309 from the glove box for testing on larger animals or humans requires the approval of Dr. ██████ or equivalent level 4 command personnel. Human testing is restricted to D-class personnel.
Description: SCP-309 is a small, plush stuffed animal that looks as if it has been turned completely inside out. Golden-orange fur is present along the seams, while a small amount of cotton stuffing and two protruding eyes are visible on the head. The interior of SCP-309 is understuffed with cotton, giving it a flexible and cuddly feel.
SCP-309 has no effect on inanimate objects; however, contact with living subjects is both dangerous and life-threatening. Humans and animals lightly brushing SCP-309 with a finger or a similarly small portion of the body display severe, non-localized discomfort for tens of minutes afterward. Humans also report feeling extreme nausea, despite the fact that SCP-309 does not induce vomiting. The discomfort and nausea are so overwhelming that even the most hardened subjects have proven unable to voluntarily maintain contact with SCP-309 for longer than a few seconds.
If SCP-309 is pressed firmly against a subject, or the subject quickly picks up SCP-309 and attempts to hold it, the subject will be violently and painfully turned inside-out over the course of five to ten seconds. Skeletons are unaltered, but all soft tissues are inverted such that muscles, tendons, ligaments, and various internal organs are resituated on the exterior of the body. Though not immediately fatal, the process is irreversible and universally considered painful.
« SCP-308 | SCP-309 | SCP-310 »
Cite this page as:
"SCP-309" by Anna Graham, from the SCP Wiki. Source: http://www.scpwiki.com/scp-309. Licensed under CC-BY-SA.
For more information, see Licensing Guide.
Licensing Disclosures
Item #: SCP-311
Object Class: Safe
Special Containment Procedures: Contained in High Security Item Storage Unit-G78 at Sector-28. Sealed to all personnel without written authorization from three Level 4 or higher senior staff. Item barred for use in further research pending O5 comprehensive review.
Description: SCP-311 is a pair of plain black gloves. They exhibit extreme flexibility which allows them to fit every hand size tested.
Object was recovered from █████████ ██████, a professed "voodoo" practitioner implicated in several suspicious murders in ███████████. Following the incident, the body and all the subject's belongings, including the gloves, were appropriated by the Foundation for containment and study.
When worn, the gloves seem innocuous and present no danger to the wearer. Subject responds normally to trauma inflicted on any part of the body, except the hands where the gloves are worn. All trauma and sensation of any tested kind inflicted on the subject's hands is displaced to another individual, theorized to be an individual the subject is focusing on at the time. Both gloves need to be worn for this effect to occur, but the subject need not be aware of the item's properties. (More detailed analysis of SCP-311's properties in Test Log 311-01.)
Test Log 311-01:
Item #: SCP-327
Object Class: Euclid
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-327 is to be contained within a 40m x 40m x 10m salt water tank within Site-██. The tank is to be cleaned on a weekly basis, or immediately after an algal bloom event. The walls of the tank are to be soundproofed. All staff interacting with SCP-327 or entering the containment are to wear sound-cancelling headphones when not in direct conversation with SCP-327. Any staff who report suffering the effects of SCP-327’s properties are to be removed from active duty until cleared by a staff therapist.
SCP-327 is to be fed 15kg of lettuce and assorted leafy vegetables each day, accompanied by appropriate nutritional supplements.
English language instruction for SCP-327 has been approved, to be carried out by Drs. Amberly and Watson. Two hours per day have been allotted for this purpose.
Description: SCP-327 is a female specimen of a mammalian species resembling members of the order Sirenia, specifically Trichechus manatus (West Indian manatee), measuring approximately 2.8 m in length and 450 kg in weight, and estimated to be between 25 and 30 years of age. The subject bears anomalous bodily features: The flippers bear distinct fingers and a functioning opposable thumb, and the skull and facial features resemble that of a human. SCP-327 was hit by a boat propeller 5-10 years before retrieval, as evidenced by heavy scarring on the head and back and traces of severe head trauma.
SCP-327 is sapient and capable of speaking simple English sentences, though it experiences significant difficulty in doing so, both in pronunciation and comprehension of concepts.
SCP-327’s anomalous effect is based around its primary vocalization, taking the form of songs similar to that of cetaceans. These vocalizations are regarded as highly unpleasant to listen to, and will result in severe headaches and audio-visual hallucinations in humans, persisting for 6-12 hours. Those affected will often report claustrophobia, an aversion to water and aquatic animals, and occasionally sensations similar to that of drowning. Other mammals will experience the same effects.
During vocalizations, algae and plankton within approximately a kilometer of SCP-327’s location will reproduce at incredibly high rates: the resulting algal bloom will cause considerable oxygen depletion and neurotoxin levels in the area and causing mass die-offs of local fish and mollusk life. There are no anomalous properties present in the algae itself, and SCP-327 is immune to all effects caused by its vocalizations.
Interviews with SCP-327 have revealed few concrete details of its origins, due to the specimen's inability to adequately express the information. SCP-327 has implied the existence of other specimens of the species to live in the Gulf of Mexico and the Caribbean Sea: however, no anomalies resembling the descriptions have been reported.
Addendum-01: Recovery Log: SCP-327 was recovered in August of 2008, after a series of inexplicable mental illnesses amongst citizens of [REDACTED], Florida and reports of unexplained noises in the area. The area had been under Foundation watch for two weeks before it was reported that a “mutant” manatee had been washed ashore by Tropical Storm Fay. After investigation by Foundation agents, amnestics were distributed to the local populace and the specimen was recovered without incident.
Addendum-02: Interview Excerpt ██/██/20██.
Item #: SCP-329
Object Class: Euclid
Special Containment Procedures: The building in which SCP-329 is located has been purchased by a Foundation front company and designated Site ██. Access to the site is restricted to Level 3 personnel. Facility personnel to undergo full-body scans at least every 48 hours.
Since it is unknown how many adherents the "Church of the Gardener" possessed, Site ██ should be considered at risk of recapture and appropriate measures taken.
Description: SCP-329 is a room in a derelict building at ██████████████, █████████. Room is in the building's cellar, 6m x 5m, with a steel fire door. Room contains six folding beds. Beds are fitted with IV stands and leather restraints.
Five beds are occupied. Occupants are of both standard sexes and several races, with ages 16-64. Occupants have been designated SCP-329-01 through SCP-329-05 and have been identified as:
01 - █████████████████, no fixed address
02 - █████████████, no fixed address
03 - ████████████████████, former medical student at █████████████████ University
04 - █████████████████, no fixed address
05 - ██████████████, D-class personnel who was subjected to Event 329-A
Occupants of beds all have cancer. Type of cancer varies from occupant to occupant but all cases have at least three tumors of grade T3N1M0 or higher.
Although cancers are advanced, they do not follow normal progression. Two of the cases, with a prognosis of weeks at best under normal conditions, have remained alive since at least ██████████. Occupants are alert but in great pain and unable to speak.
Every 24 hours, at approximately 4 am, SCP-329 undergoes Event 329-A. The door closes with great force and cannot be reopened for the duration of the Event. Anything obstructing the doorway is pulled into the room. Event 329-A lasts for approximately 20 minutes, after which it is possible to open the door again.
Equipment for remote observation and recording is rendered inert during 329-A in a manner consistent with a nonstandard space-time event. The only sounds heard from outside during 329-A are screaming from the room's occupants.
After the event, occupants are apparently unharmed, bearing no incisions or external trauma. Their tumors, however, have been altered, in some cases radically. They have been reshaped and their direction of growth has been altered. Three of the occupants have tumors of more than twenty feet in length, twining around and through bones and organs. SCP-329-05, who was cancer-free before he was exposed to Event 329-A, was found after the event to have developed a T1N0M0 lung cancer, which in the three weeks since has grown to T3.
Only people inside the room are affected by 329-A. In those who have been removed from the room, their cancer progresses normally, resulting in death.
Discovery: SCP-329 was discovered by a group of █████████████████ University medical students who noticed abnormal cancers in the bodies of indigents supplied for dissection. They traced the source to SCP-329, which was being used as a squat. They came to the Foundation's attention through material they circulated on the Internet under the name of the "Church of the Gardener" (see Document 329-1).
When a Mobile Task Force secured SCP-329 the "Church" had been operating for eleven months, luring indigents to the building with promises of drugs and shelter and subjecting them to Event 329-A.
Seven members of the "Church" were present and offered armed resistance. Five were eliminated by the MTF and the other two held out long enough to subject themselves to Event 329-A. One was subsequently vivisected by the research team and the other designated SCP-329-03. The "Church"'s records were retrieved; they begin as relatively straightforward medical case notes but degenerate over time into a religious screed.
Addendum: Document 329-1
Item #: SCP-334
Object Class: Euclid
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-334 is to be kept in a standard heat-treated containment cell, surrounded by magnetic field generators positioned so that all six sides have an overlapping field projecting at least fifteen (15) centimeters from the inner cell walls. Each generator is to have multiple redundant backups and power sources, including emergency batteries capable of maintaining full magnetic field output for no less than thirty (30) minutes. Maintenance of the anti-heat coating is to be carried on a weekly schedule, with subject to be transferred to a secondary cell to allow for more extensive repairs, if needed. Three (3) live mice are to be introduced to its cell at a random time every day to reduce chances of subject learning the pattern and attempting escape. Due to SCP-334's hunting and burrowing instincts, the floor of containment is to be reinforced with an anti-heat coating, or made of a substance with a melting point greater than ████ degrees Celsius, with the magnetic containment field underneath reinforced to approximately 1.5 times that of the other surfaces. Subject hunts in a fashion typical of foxes, with a strong downward pounce, which has proven capable of penetrating a small distance into the containment fields, and has been the cause of █ containment breaches to date.
Description: SCP-334 is a small cloud of superheated plasma in the shape of a specimen most closely resembling Vulpes vulpes, or the common red fox. Its body appears similar to waves of steam or fire, revealing gaps between the filaments of gas through which the opposite side is visible. Its filaments fluoresce in the spectrum of red and orange, with 'eyes' in the blue spectrum. Subject has a negligible measurable mass, and has no central body to speak of. SCP-334 apparently believes it is actually a red fox, and displays several normal vulpine behaviors, such as hunting of prey, and in test 334F-03 [REDACTED]. Whether it is an entity that imprinted on a vulpine or is a vulpine which was transformed to its current state is unknown and under investigation.
Since it is composed of superheated ionized gas, containment of SCP-334 is effectively impossible without the use of magnetic containment fields, and is difficult even then, as the heat and energetic effects extend an average of seven (7) centimeters around its entire body, rapidly sublimating physical obstructions. Although its surface temperature is in excess of ████ degrees Celsius, the heat disperses rapidly, cooling to ██ degrees Celsius within 10 centimeters, far faster than the laws of thermodynamics would indicate. There is evidence that SCP-334 is capable of controlling its heat output. Subject is capable of bursts of speed measured at approximately one hundred and sixty (160) kilometers per hour for around ten seconds. These bursts of speed disperse the subject's mass, 'tiring it out', making it need to 'rest' while it re-forms.
Subject derives 'nourishment' from converting matter into plasma and absorbing it, taking in a small amount of energy normally through conversion of air into ionized gas, but that alone is insufficient to feed it, making supplementary feeding necessary.
Despite the fact it does not touch the ground when it walks and is immune to the pull of the Earth's gravity, it seems content to follow the floor's surface for walkable areas, and has yet to be seen actually 'flying'. Whether it chooses not to, or simply does not know that it can, is unknown at this time.
Due to its physical makeup, SCP-334 constantly emits a level of EM radiation consistent with a class █ solar flare, causing interference in unshielded electronics within ██ meters and making film or electronic surveillance problematic. Radiation is within tolerable limits for SCP personnel.
Initial containment: SCP-334 was recovered ██ kilometers from [REDACTED], █ kilometers from a projected meteor impact site. Whether this was the subject's origin is still under investigation. The Foundation was alerted to the subject's existence when a routine sweep of emergency services reports found a pattern of strange burns, trails, and [REDACTED] discovered in the woods, matching no publicly known source but consistent with [DATA EXPUNGED]. A full Foundation combat team was sent in to contain the suspected [REDACTED] but found SCP-334 instead, a far lesser threat. Utilizing a magnetic containment bottle and two live mice, subject was contained with an acceptable level of casualties.
Addendum: SCP-334 has a talent for escape, having escaped containment no fewer than ██ times since initial retrieval, causing approximately [REDACTED] dollars in structural damage to Site-██ and the deaths of ██ personnel, mostly caused by the aforementioned structural damage. SCP-334 is wary of people, avoiding human contact if possible, yet prefers hiding in offices, barracks, and on-site quarters, where there is relatively little traffic and an abundance of small spaces. Despite its many escape events, SCP-334 has shown neither an obvious inclination towards leaving Site-██, nor towards unprovoked attack and is not considered a direct threat. However, the structural damage caused had the potential to release SCP-███, SCP-███ and SCP-███ on █ separate occasions, and recapture should be considered a priority.
Partial Testing log: Results matching expectations removed, available upon request
Item #: SCP-340
Object Class: Safe
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-340-1, -3, -4, and -5 are to be communally housed in a 10 m x 10 m x 2.5 m tank, with the water temperature maintained between 25°C and 30°C. Anti-depressants and broad-spectrum antibiotics are to be administered intravenously every twelve hours. Medicinal compounds may not be added to the standard nutritive paste without approval. All waste products must be properly sterilised. Any personnel who aspirate water from the containment tank must report to medical staff immediately.
Description: SCP-340 is produced by a human-specific virus which preferentially colonizes the nasal cavities. The virus cannot be identified according to the Baltimore classification scheme, leading Foundation researchers to believe it was engineered by parties as-yet unidentified. The presence of genes from both HIV and the SARS coronavirus supports this hypothesis.
An incubation period, with a mean duration of three (3) days, occurs upon initial exposure to the virus. Influenza-like symptoms will then develop, and will persist for a mean of seven (7) days before clearing up. An increased production of mucus has been observed in all known cases, and will persist after other symptoms have ceased. Virulence is highest during the first five (5) days of infection, but viral particles have been detected up to a month after exposure in Foundation trials.
Any time after infection, a high blood concentration of carbon dioxide (CO2) will trigger production of SCP-340. When initially produced, SCP-340 is a jelly-like mucus, which exudes to cover the lower half of the face, including the nose and mouth. SCP-340 in mucous form will undergo a catalytic reaction when immersed in water and will set into a bioplastic membrane. The chemical composition of the bioplastic facilitates the [DATA EXPUNGED] process; although it causes SCP-340 to degrade, the process allows the host to breathe underwater. The membrane is flexible, and does not inhibit the host's facial movement. Any tears or holes which develop due to mechanical stress or SCP-340 degradation will be regenerated within thirty (30) seconds due to constant production of SCP-340. Virulence is drastically reduced in this stage, but viral particles have been detected in water samples contaminated with SCP-340; environmental contact may still spread the infection.
When SCP-340 is exposed to air, it dries into a chitinous substance similar to crustacean shells. The water vapour trapped inside an SCP-340-sealed respiratory system is sufficient to prevent premature hardening. The hardening process also destroys its ability to [DATA EXPUNGED], and loss of function is irreversible after approximately two (2) minutes' exposure to air. Once fully hardened, SCP-340 is impossible to remove without inflicting major tissue damage. It is harder than any generally-known organic substance; a standard tungsten-carbide drill bit required more than fifteen (15) minutes of constant use to drill a hole through five (5) mm of dried SCP-340. Research is ongoing into methods for the in vitro culture and harvest of SCP-340 for use in industrial applications.
Addendum 340-1 - Circumstances of retrieval: On 20██/██/██, twelve students at a boarding school in [REDACTED], United States, began to produce SCP-340 during a swimming competition. Nine died before a Foundation containment team could be dispatched to the site - five suffocated when attempts to clear airways of hardened SCP-340 failed, two suffocated after attempts to open alternate airways induced hardening of air-exposed SCP-340 in the trachea, and two died from dehydration. Upon arrival, the Foundation containment team quarantined the school until the infection's spread could be determined. Four additional cases were discovered who were not yet producing SCP-340; all seven were taken into Foundation custody. The team then distributed Class A amnestics and followed cover-up procedure Gimel-2 (the "tragic fire" scenario). For a brief summary of the seven SCP-340 carriers, now denoted SCP-340-1 through -7, see Document 340-1.
Addendum 340-2: SCP-340 doesn't kill the hosts' oral bacteria, and the antibiotics can't stave off infection forever. Surgical removal of the hosts' teeth will be safer in the long run than trying to deal with abscesses, bone infection, and sepsis. Do we have a laparoscopic surgeon on staff?
- Doctor Cairns
Document 340-1 - Inventory, SCP-340-1 through -7:
Item #: SCP-343
Object Class: Safe
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-343 resides in a 6.1 m by 6.1 m (20 ft by 20 ft) room at Minimal Security Site 17. It should be brought any items it requests and visited by at least one staff member each day. Attempts to add further safety precautions or required clearances are unnecessary/impossible due to the nature of SCP-343 (see description).
Description: SCP-343 is a male, seemingly race-less, humanoid in appearance with apparent omnipotence. SCP-343 was discovered walking the streets of Prague and detained after a staff member witnessed him disappear from the streets and reappear on a rooftop. SCP-343 is detained willingly in his chamber, as containment has proved impossible (see notes).
Addendum #343-1: "SCP-343, colloquially nicknamed 'God' by the staff here, looks like an older man, although his features are different to each observer. In my first talk with him, he claimed outright to be the creator of the universe. When I asked him to prove this, he laughed, walked through the wall of the chamber, and returned seconds later with a hamburger in his hand. When I returned for a second visit, the previously bare cell had been furnished in up-scale, Old English style, complete with a roaring fireplace, and seemed many times larger than it did from the exterior. SCP-343 greatly enjoys speaking with people, and seems to have a knowledge of all topics. Visiting with SCP-343 has become a daily event for many of the staff here, and all employees report feeling generally happier after each visit. Attempts to bar staff below Level 3 clearance have proven unsuccessful, as guards assigned to watch the room quit their posts, saying 'You know He likes company' or shrugging when questioned. Since SCP-343 has thus far been harmless, all staff have been allowed access, and somehow they all have time to meet with him for as long as they need. For now, I leave this report open as further questioning of SCP-343 is ongoing." - Dr. Beck
-[WARNING SL-4 or higher needed for further access]-
Item #: SCP-344
Object Class: Safe
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-344 is to be stored in Site-██, in a high-security storage locker, combination changed weekly. Personnel wishing to use SCP-344 for research purposes should contact Dr. ██████. Due to the hazards presented when a can is opened, it is recommended that a remote-control device be used to manipulate the object.
Description: SCP-344 is a ████-brand manual can opener manufactured some time before 19██. When an attempt is made to use SCP-344 to open a tin of canned food, there is a probability that, as soon as the top of the can is fully opened, the food inside will be replaced with live versions of whatever the can originally contained. The amount of live material released is equal to how many separate individuals of that given species were required to produce the contents of the can, provided the weight of an individual's remains is above 0.██ mg. For example, if a can of tuna has the remains of fifty tuna in it, then fifty live tuna will come out of the can. Compressing items like this into a small space causes significant pressure, resulting in the objects being propelled out with some force, potentially causing injury to anyone within the area of effect. Live organisms in a can that is opened by SCP-344 undergo no observable changes.
Despite the theoretical probability of the effect's manifestation being approximately 50 percent, recorded Foundation tests show a probability closer to 3█.██% for sentient organisms, 1█.██% for non-sentient plant materials, and ██.██% involving [REDACTED]. It is also unknown where the live material comes from, as spontaneous regeneration would result in a violation of the law of conservation of mass and energy. It seems most likely that the material is either teleported to the can from existing stocks on Earth, or [REDACTED]. Given experiments in Log-██, [REDACTED] seems more likely.
After approximately 34 hours, all sentient organisms released from the can will undergo [DATA EXPUNGED]. All sentient organisms should be terminated before this occurs. This does not apply to non-sentient plant materials.
The item was brought to the attention of Foundation personnel on February 1st, 19██, via a news report of a bizarre event in a small ███████ town. Sgt. Michael █████ had arrived home after participating in [REDACTED]. His mother reported that he expressed a desire to eat some canned beef, which he acquired, and then produced a can opener from his pocket, saying he had acquired it as 'spoils of war', and proceeded to use it to open up the can. Upon fully opening it, a ███-kg heifer crushed him to death. Agent ████, who had been investigating a separate incident at the time, immediately responded. Upon arriving at the scene and conducting interviews, he soon came to the conclusion the can opener was responsible and confiscated it, replacing it with a facsimile. The original has been at Site-██ ever since, with the exception of a single [DATA EXPUNGED].
The heifer that was released eventually underwent [DATA EXPUNGED]. The event and its subsequent cleanup was covered-up as a █████ missile strike.
Addendum:
Item #: SCP-348
Object Class: Safe
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-348 is to be kept in a standard locker at Site-19. Personnel wishing to conduct tests involving SCP-348 are to obtain Level 3 or higher authorization, and present a detailed list of intended test subjects.
Description: SCP-348 is a white ceramic bowl patterned with light blue flowers, measuring approximately 20 cm in diameter and 9 cm high. While no maker’s marks are present, the Chinese characters for “thinking of you” (想着你, “xiǎng zhe nǐ”) are etched into the side of the bowl.
When in the presence of an individual afflicted with a minor ailment or injury (i.e., mild cough, runny nose, scrapes), SCP-348 will fill with soup. While the ingredients present within the soups produced by SCP-348 vary, young subjects (individuals between the ages of 4 and 18) have consistently stated that they enjoyed the meal, sometimes stating that it reminds them of their parents’ cooking. Subjects will finish the soup found in SCP-348 if allowed.
Children who eat from SCP-348 several times often express a feeling of contentment, stating that though they are eating by themselves, they do not feel lonely.
Addendum SCP-348-1: SCP-348 was acquired shortly after rumors of a child living in █████, █████████ apparently possessing remarkable recovery abilities came to the Foundation’s attention. Investigation revealed that the child in question originally discovered SCP-348 in the attic of their house, and had come to rely on it after receiving insufficient attention from their parents. The child's parents, both full-time workers, refused to comment on their relationship with the child.
Resulting testing involving children was carried out under the guise of surveys to gauge the success of new food items offered at public schools.
Addendum SCP-348-2: It has been noted that occasionally, after soup produced by SCP-348 has been consumed, a message will materialize on the inside of the bowl. Words produced on the inside of the bowl appear to be printed on the ceramic consistent with existing markings; the message that appears will be in the language most familiar to the drinker of the soup. After several hours (or when SCP-348 produces another meal), the words disappear.
Testing Log SCP-348-1323-█
Item #: SCP-354
Object Class: Keter
Special Containment Procedures: Due to SCP-354's immobile nature, Area-354 has been built around it. Area-354 houses forces and D-class personnel prepared to deal with threats emerging from SCP-354, as well as researchers studying SCP-354 and its properties. For their own safety, no on-site personnel are to approach SCP-354 at any time. Direct interaction with SCP-354 is permitted only for the purpose of research to eliminate SCP-354 and must be approved by O5 personnel.
Area-354 was constructed to contain and neutralize any and all further threats emerging from SCP-354. At the heart of Area-354, a twenty (20) foot wall of concrete reinforced with [DATA EXPUNGED] has been constructed around SCP-354 to prevent emerging entities from escaping into the area at large. High-speed motion detection cameras are placed atop the wall looking down into the pool, and armed guards can easily shoot down into the enclosure from catwalks placed above the pool.
Description: SCP-354 is a pool of red liquid discovered in northern Canada. The liquid is of a consistency similar to that of human blood (hence the colloquial name Blood Pond) but is not of a biological nature. The pool does not have definite banks; soil mixes with the liquid until, at a certain point, there is more soil than liquid and the ground is mostly solid. The liquid becomes denser as one descends deeper into the pool; if the pool has a bottom, it has yet to be reached.
Periodically, entities emerge from the pool and attempt to escape from the enclosure. Thus far, nearly all creatures emerging from SCP-354 have been extremely hostile and highly dangerous.
SCP-354 is believed to have been first discovered in â–ˆâ–ˆâ–ˆâ–ˆ by survivors of a plane crash, who encountered SCP-354 by chance. SCP-354 had developed into a local urban legend long before Foundation personnel arrived to deal with the threat.
After locating the source of the legend, SCP personnel set up Watch Station Epsilon-38 to monitor the pool and to deter future travellers from finding it. SCP-354 was classified as Euclid until its properties were further discovered.
At 1403 hours on â–ˆâ–ˆâ–ˆâ–ˆ, an unidentified entity emerged from SCP-354. Contact with Watch Station Epsilon-38 was lost. Mobile Task Force â–ˆâ–ˆâ–ˆâ–ˆ was dispatched to deal with the entity and were eventually successful. All personnel at Watch Station Epsilon-38 were found dead. Area-354 was subsequently constructed to contain SCP-354.
Document 354-1-a: Partial log of entities to have emerged from SCP-354 prior to Event 354-20.
SCP-354-1: Original entity which destroyed Watch Station Epsilon-38. Resembled a giant bat. Neutralized by Mobile Task Force â–ˆâ–ˆâ–ˆâ–ˆ.
SCP-354-2: Bear-sized mammalian creature covered in razor-sharp spines. Resembled an echidna. Was virtually bulletproof, but was unable to escape the enclosure surrounding the pool. Neutralized via napalm.
SCP-354-3: Black metallic sphere capable of levitation. Emitted concentrated levels of radiation in precisely directed beams sufficient to instantly cripple and later result in death. Then-Area Head Dr. â–ˆâ–ˆâ–ˆâ–ˆâ–ˆâ–ˆ struck SCP-354-3 with a sledgehammer, disabling it. SCP-354-3 then self-detonated, causing minor structural damage and severely wounding Dr. â–ˆâ–ˆâ–ˆâ–ˆâ–ˆâ–ˆ. Dr. â–ˆâ–ˆâ–ˆâ–ˆâ–ˆâ–ˆ made a full recovery and has been commended for his bravery.
SCP-354-4: Humanoid reptilian creature, approximately 4.6m (15ft) tall. Escaped both the walled enclosure and Area-354 altogether. Gunfire caused very little physical harm and was highly ineffective. Mobile Task Force Omega-7 "Pandora's Box" was dispatched and was successful in neutralizing the creature.
SCP-354-5: [DATA EXPUNGED]
SCP-354-6: Appeared to be a human male of Indian descent. As the enclosure around the pool had not yet been fully repaired, SCP-354-6 was immediately shot before it had a chance to escape. Area Head Dr. â–ˆâ–ˆâ–ˆâ–ˆâ–ˆâ–ˆ has expressed his displeasure in the rash execution of SCP-354-6, which testing revealed to be identical to an average human being.
<data corrupt>
SCP-354-14: Majority of creature's body remained well beneath the surface of the pool. Five (5) octopus-like tentacles were seen emerging from the pool and reached up over the enclosure. Several D-class personnel were grabbed by the tentacles and pulled back beneath the surface of the pool. After receiving massive damage from gunfire, SCP-354-14 retreated back into the pool and disappeared. No personnel taken by the creature were recovered.
SCP-354-15: Feline creature composed of a blue-hued crystalline structure later revealed to be ice. Was able to jump above the walled enclosure and was agile enough to dodge most gunfire. Was actively hostile and mauled any personnel that engaged it. Subject engaged SCP-354-16 upon its emergence from the pool and was terminated in the fight.
SCP-354-16: Feline creature composed of a dark red-black stone later revealed to be partially solidified magma. Gunfire proved mostly ineffective against its hide. Was not hostile to personnel and did not attempt to escape the walled enclosure until being engaged by SCP-354-15. Successfully terminated SCP-354-15 and grew less active as its body cooled. After fully solidifying and having remained motionless since, subject was moved to Dr. â–ˆâ–ˆâ–ˆâ–ˆâ–ˆâ–ˆ's office for aesthetic purposes.
SCP-354-18: Metallic humanoid machine described by several D-class personnel as a "Terminator." Subject possessed a cloaking device rendering it invisible to human eyes. Subject was highly adept at combat and killed nearly 90% of Area-354's guard personnel as it rampaged through the facility. Approximately sixty (60) minutes after emerging from the pool, subject ceased function and powered down. Subject was dismantled and its power cell was disposed of. Subject's remains are under study.
Note from Area Head Dr. â–ˆâ–ˆâ–ˆâ–ˆâ–ˆâ–ˆ: That's thrice now that we've had to fall back on Pandora's Box to deal with stuff coming out of SCP-354. Able can't complain, though… you can tell he enjoyed fighting SCP-354-11. Maybe we should set up some kind of "hotline" to MTF Î©-7?
Document 354-3-a: Log of Exploratory Mission 354 Alpha
Item #: SCP-356
Object Class: Neutralized
Special Containment Procedures: The remains of SCP-356 are to be kept continuously frozen in Long Term Biological Storage Unit 73A at Site-23. Staff are advised that SCP-356 has been a person of interest to the governments of the United States, the Russian Federation, and the Republic of Azerbaijan since 1986. As such, liaisons to the Foundation serving with these nations or affiliated entities are to be kept unaware of SCP-356's containment in 1986 and death in 1987.
Update: Except for approved research purposes, no electronic devices capable of receiving telephone calls are to be brought within 10 m of SCP-356.
Description: SCP-356 is a deceased 62-year-old male human of Eurasian descent, measuring 1.76 m tall and weighing 81.5 kg. When SCP-356 is within approximately 3 m of any device capable of receiving a telephone call (such as traditional land-based telephones, cellular phones, or computer terminals with software enabling telephony), that device will begin receiving a constant stream of calls. Left unanswered, these calls will continue for an indefinite period, only ceasing when answered, and resuming once the speaker hangs up. In all observed cases, attempts to track the source of telephone calls related to the presence of SCP-356 have all identified the device receiving the calls itself as the origination point.
When telephone calls prompted by the presence of SCP-356 are answered, an unknown entity (SCP-356-A) speaking in a voice exactly matching that of SCP-356 will answer. Left to speak on its own, SCP-356-A will talk about general information regarding SCP-356, mostly focused on work history and professional relationships. SCP-356-A will also describe what it considers to be the mental state of SCP-356, and will sometimes state what it claims SCP-356 is thinking about1. SCP-356-A has demonstrated a tendency to gravitate to subjects that SCP-356 finds uncomfortable or distressing.
SCP-356 was recovered along with 12 other persons, 12,348 pages of files, 3 computers and 115 hours of video recordings after the 04/01/1986 Foundation raid on a CIA safehouse in ██████████████████ as part of Operation CATWALK. Including SCP-356, █ objects recovered from this operation later received SCP classification.
Experiment Log 356-1: Listing of SCP-356 Phenomena, 1986-87
Over a period of 11 months, a series of experiments documenting anomalous phenomena related to SCP-356 were conducted by research staff. In each instance, a standard, land-line telephone terminal in an observation chamber was activated in the presence of SCP-356. All conversations took place using speaker functionality. Transcripts have been translated by staff from Azerbaijani to English for the purposes of this file.
Experiment: E356.11A
Date: 07/29/1986
Summary: Upon opening of telephone line following 137 unanswered calls, a voice exactly matching that of SCP-356 is heard on the line. No attempt at conversation is initiated. SCP-356-A states background information on SCP-356 such as biometric data, known associates, and a detailed history of SCP-356's record as an operative in the Azerbaijan SSR division of the Soviet KGB. This information is later verified to be completely accurate.
Selected Transcript:
Item #: SCP-357
Object Class: Safe Euclid
Special Containment Procedures: A 10 kg seed sample of SCP-357 is to be contained within a hermetically sealed container within a 3 m x 3 m x 3 m room at Site-19. Samples removed from the container are not to exceed 1 kg. A detailed log must be kept of all SCP-357 that is produced, complete with accurate records of what had been used to feed it and how much of the sample was subsequently destroyed via compression.
The mass of the container is to be monitored electronically. Changes in mass that are not accounted for by removal or return of samples will result in an automatic lockdown of that section of Site-19, as this indicates that a breach of the container may have occurred.
Unless provided Level 4 approval, researchers are not to expose SCP-357 to temperatures exceeding 100°C. The amount exposed to these temperatures is never to be greater than 1 mm3, under any circumstances.
Description: SCP-357 is a malleable substance with a density of 250 kg/m3. The material has been found to reflect all radiation with 100% efficiency. To date, chemical analysis of SCP-357 has yielded no conclusive results. Electron microscopy of SCP-357 has shown no inherent granularity at any level. These two latter results suggest that SCP-357 may not be atomic in nature; however, there have been no satisfactory hypotheses as to how baryonic matter is able to interact with it.
When permitted to physically interact with SCP-357, researchers describe it as having a consistency similar to that of Play-Doh brand modeling compound. However, unlike Play-Doh, SCP-357 will not retain its shape for any length of time if left at rest. It will settle at a rate of approximately 0.5 cm per minute until it reproduces the shape of the inside of its container. SCP-357 will form a meniscus inside the container 7.5 cm high. The thickness of the substance at the top of the meniscus is 1 mm, at which point it merges with the surface of the container following a Gaussian curve. If allowed to settle on a flat surface, SCP-357 will spread until its average thickness is no more than 1 mm. The edge of the mass follows the same Gaussian function that is seen in the meniscus.
If solid matter is placed in a container of SCP-357, it will sink into the substance at a constant rate of 0.5 cm per minute. SCP-357 will displace the appropriate volume as any other fluid would. If the solid object is fully absorbed by SCP-357, it will become impossible to distinguish between it and the substance of SCP-357. Theories range from the object taking on the properties of SCP-357 to the object being replaced by a corresponding volume of SCP-357.
If a homogeneous pressure of at least 100 N/cm2 is applied to a sample of SCP-357, the material will decrease in size at a rate of 1.3 cm3 per minute or more, depending on the magnitude of the pressure. When compressed in this manner, the density of SCP-357 does not change. Rather, the mass decreases at the same rate as the volume. Where the excess mass goes is presently unknown. If compressed to approximately 1 mm3 at room temperature, no amount of force is able to decrease the size any further.
Application of vacuum pressure does not increase the size of a sample of SCP-357. The only method found for increasing its mass is via the encapsulation of a volume.
Addendum 357-1: SCP-357 was initially produced by a cyclotron in 19██ at [DATA EXPUNGED]. The responsible researchers at the university were given a Class B amnestic with the exception of Dr. R███████ B█████ who has been granted Level 2 clearance and allowed to do further research on SCP-357. To date, the results of the initial experiment that produced SCP-357 can not be reproduced. As a precaution, particle physics laboratories and particle colliders are periodically monitored for similar discoveries.
Addendum 357-2: SCP-357 is pending review for use in disposal of hazardous objects being held by the Foundation.
Until the properties of SCP-357 are more concretely understood, particularly in high energy environments, approval is being withheld. It is already clear that SCP-357 should not be exposed to some objects, due to risk of unlimited expansion of the material. -O5-█
Addendum 357-3: Some personnel have been caught smoking indoors and exhaling into SCP-357 in an attempt to hide the evidence. This is heavily discouraged due to security considerations, health issues, and risk of accidental ingestion. File photos of Experiments 357-3 and 357-4 are freely available to those who continue to practice this abuse of Foundation property.
Experiment Log 357-1:
Item #: SCP-361
Object Class: Safe
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-361 is to be kept in a standard Artifact Containment Unit in Site-19's High Value wing. SCP-361 is to be kept in a cool and dry environment to prevent damage to the aged metal it is composed of, and thoroughly cleaned after each use.
Description: SCP-361 is a bronze Etruscan artifact, in the shape of a sheep's liver. SCP-361 is covered in the names of Etruscan gods and instructions for various religious rites, and is believed to have served as a tool for practicing haruspicy- divination using animal organs. SCP-361 bears a strong resemblance to the non-anomalous artifact known as the Liver of Piacenza, with which it was originally found during the late 19th century. Both artifacts date to the 2nd-3rd century BCE, to the province of Piacenza, Italy.
SCP-361's anomalous properties manifest if it comes into contact with a sheep's liver, removed no more than three (3) hours before interacting with SCP-361. When such contact is made, SCP-361 will vocalize (in a language and tone appropriate to the one introducing the liver to it) a set of instructions meant to achieve contact with one of the gods or spirits depicted in the writings covering it, through a service it refers to as "HarusCo". If these instructions are performed correctly within a period of thirty (30) seconds, SCP-361 will provide a new set of instructions. SCP-361's instructions will grow increasingly convoluted and/or nonsensical, until becoming almost impossible to perform under the given time limit. Failure to follow an instruction will cause SCP-361 to become inactive for a period of twenty-four (24) hours.
Test Log SCP-361
Item #: SCP-362
Object Class: Safe
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-362 may be sealed in a polypropylene bag and stored in an indexed box on-site within Vault 2b.
SCP-362 is to be stored in a polypropylene bag and kept in a standard lockbox. This lockbox is to be kept in a dedicated room with no materials pertaining to other SCPs, including handwritten and/or typed files, smartphones, PDAs, Post-It notes, memos, etc. Electronic devices with access to the Internet and/or on-site intranet are forbidden from entering and/or accessing said room. Containment chamber should include non-relevant books and magazines along with blank notebooks, for observation purposes.
Only persons possessing Level 1 clearance or lower may receive authorization to enter the containment chamber and wear SCP-362, which shall be done for research purposes and for said purposes only. Dr. ██████ and O5-█ possess keys unlocking SCP-362’s lockbox; no other copies may be made without O5 authorization. Two security personnel must bar access to anyone not possessing the required clearance, and at least one surveillance camera must monitor each of the following for both research and security purposes: exterior of chamber entryway, interior of chamber entryway, lockbox, and the chamber itself.
Description: SCP-362 is a light blue T-shirt bearing the logo of [REDACTED], a children’s “Saturday morning cartoon” television program popular in the late 1980s and early 90s. It is a size M (medium), with short sleeves. Its color appears to have faded, and was likely a darker shade of blue. Its tag states the T-shirt is made of 100% cotton; testing has confirmed this statement. Despite its apparent age, it is in good condition apart from said fading: its collar and sleeves are not worn or threadbare and it has no holes or rips.
Test subjects wearing SCP-362 have unanimously reported no feelings of discomfort, unease, or foreboding. Five subjects, whose ages range from 22 to 35, have expressed what can perhaps be informally phrased as “amused nostalgia” upon donning SCP-362. In tests, it has been worn as briefly as 3.6 seconds and as long as ██ days, with a mean duration of ██ hours. Aside from the obvious inconvenience of wearing an item of clothing longer than a few days, the test subject in each case reported normal emotional responses.
Upon doffing SCP-362, its effects are immediate and almost invariable among tests, the only significant variable being the duration test subjects must endure the phenomenon before it ends. Immediately after pulling SCP-362 off over his or her head, the test subject reports several to dozens of humanoid figures suddenly appearing in the room with them. The figures appear after the instant the test subject's vision becomes obscured by the material of SCP-362 passing over the subject's eyes as it is removed.
These figures present with absolutely indeterminate features. Most to all of these figures seem to fix their attention on the test subject, and unless approached will stand motionless. A test subject who moves around the test chamber will find that these figures also move, but only to keep their attention fixed on the subject and/or to avoid physical contact with the subject. These figures will go as far as to phase through the confines of the test chamber to avoid contact with any living being.
The figures themselves have been variously described as “blurry,” “mirages,” and, most commonly, as “shadowy” or “made of shadows.”
Often, a few of these figures will seem to take no interest in the test subject but will instead explore their surrounding environment. They will appear to touch items, rifle through piles of paper, page through books, operate computers, etc., though recordings demonstrate that they do not actually manipulate objects in any observable way.
Twice, a figure reportedly has appeared to handle and operate a device “like a Geiger counter,” with which the figure seemed to scan objects or take readings for the duration of the sighting.
Upon review of archived episodes of “[REDACTED],” the show appears never to have referenced or depicted anything resembling the figures which have appeared to all test subjects. After experimentation, test subjects, even those who expressed eagerness and/or amusement at the prospect of wearing SCP-362, express unease when prompted to discuss the show.
Though these figures reveal themselves only to the test subject, do not generate significant fluctuations in sensory equipment, and fail to manipulate physical objects, it is recommended that security protocol regarding SCP-362 include vault containment with access granted only to relevant researchers and personnel.
In light of incident SCP-362-02, and in order to avoid cross-contamination of SCPs and prevent security breaches, no items, information, or personnel of Level 2 clearance or higher may ever be present in SCP-362’s chamber prior to, during, or immediately after experimentation. Furthermore, under no circumstances may SCP-362 be worn by any person for longer than 9 days.
Addendum: Immediately prior to said incident, test subject had worn SCP-362 for 31 days. As per research protocol, test subject had not been informed of the effects of doffing SCP-362. Upon removal, Site-██ experienced a containment breach which lasted ██ minutes when primary and secondary power systems simultaneously failed. All debriefed personnel at Site-██ reported experiencing feelings of dread during the breach, many of whom were trapped in rooms without power or means of egress when failsafe systems activated. Some personnel reported the sensation that other persons inhabited the room with them during the breach despite being alone immediately beforehand. Many personnel felt as though they were being watched.
Immediately after the breach, upon restoration of secondary power (primary power took an additional █ minutes to come back online), Site-██ personnel discovered files scattered, books open, and notes in disarray. IT division reported that several computers and other devices had accessed [DATA EXPUNGED].
Test subject expired due to ventricular fibrillation █ minutes after secondary power failed. Autopsy revealed abnormally high adrenaline levels in subject’s bloodstream.
Authorization to upgrade SCP-362 to Euclid class pending.
Interview Log for Experiment 362-██
Interviewer: Dr. █████ with Dr. ██
Test Subject: D-1022
Time: 5 minutes
[DATA EXPUNGED]
Dr. █████: Please describe your surroundings.
D-1022: I don’t know. It’s like an office, I guess? Papers. Notepads. There’s a box in front of me.
Dr. █████: Is anyone in the room with you?
D-1022 [chuckling]: I thought you were watching me. Y'know, through cameras.
Dr. █████: We are. Is there anyone in the room with you?
D-1022: Is there supposed to be? Ain’t no one in here but me.
Dr. █████: Thank you. Please use the key provided to open the box in front of you, then put on what you find inside.
D-1022 [after brief silence]: What, it’s just a shirt. [Louder:] Oh hell yeah, “[REDACTED]?” Ah man I used to watch that show all the time.
Dr. █████: Please put it on.
D-1022: Sure thing. Haha, can I keep it?
Dr. █████ [with some amusement]: I’m afraid not.
D-1022: Show was the shit.
[Subject sings what has been identified as the theme song of said children’s program as he puts on SCP-362.]
D-1022: Okay, it’s on. So… what now?
Dr. █████: You’ll receive further instructions in 5 minutes. Until then, you may busy yourself with whatever you find in the room.
[Subject swivels back and forth in his chair as he hums aforementioned tune. At T minus 3 minutes, he draws humanoid figures with a pen.]
Dr. █████: Can you tell me why you’ve drawn those figures?
D-1022: Just keeping busy, like you said.
Dr. █████: Yes, but why those particular figures?
D-1022: What? You’re telling me you never watched “[REDACTED]?”
Dr. █████: We've reviewed some episodes, yes.
D-1022 [pointing]: This is [REDACTED]. Come on, man, don’t tell me you don’t see the resemblance.
Dr. █████ [with amusement]: Oh yes, of course. It's the very likeness of him.
D-1022: Phff… whatever. I’m a good artist.
Dr. █████: Time is up. You may remove that item of clothing.
D-1022: All right.
[Subject removes SCP-362 over his head. The instant he can see again, D-1022 stumbles backwards against the desk behind him.]
D-1022: Ohhh shit, SHIT!
Dr. █████: What’s wrong?
D-1022: What is this? What’s going on!?
Dr. █████: Please describe your surroundings.
D-1022: Who are all these people!?
Dr. █████: Please describe what you see.
D-1022: They’re – they’re watching me! They’re ghosts or something. Get me out of here!
Dr. █████: You are not in any danger. Please describe them in further detail.
D-1022: What do you want? What do you want!
[Subject rushes forward.]
D-1022: You want a piece of this!? Stop fuckin’ moving!
Dr. █████: You are not in any danger. Please do not attack them.
Dr. ██ [to Dr. █████, inaudible to D-1022]: If he provokes them, maybe we’ll get some new data.
[D-1022 continues to turn and lunge at unseen opponents for 16 seconds of silence. Then:]
D-1022: Where’d they go?
Dr. █████: They’re gone? Describe how they went.
D-1022: They just… went. Just — one minute they’re there and then… what were they?
[D-1022 begins to shiver visibly.]
Dr. █████: Is something wrong? Is it colder in the room? [To Dr. ██:] Can I get a temperature reading?
Dr. ██ [overlapping]: It’s normal. No change.
Dr. █████: D-1022, is it colder in the room than it was before?
D-1022: Get me out of here. I’m not telling you anything else until you let me out.
[DATA EXPUNGED]
Experiment Logs
Item #: SCP-363
Object Class: Keter
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-363 specimens are contained in a 2 m x 2 m x 2 m room that is to be constantly illuminated by high-powered lighting. This lighting must be connected to multiple redundant power sources, and in case of total system failure, Mobile Task Force Eta-Seven is to be dispatched to assess the threat.
SCP-363 is to be fed twenty (20) lab mice, administered once every forty-eight (48) hours.
Description: Ostensibly, SCP-363 are identical to Scolopendra gigantea, or the Amazonian giant centipede. Dietary needs are identical, and DNA inspection has proven no dissimilarities to normal S. gigantea.
SCP-363 is, under normal circumstances, the appropriate size for S. gigantea. In darkness, (darkness defined here as any level of light under 2 lux) which it actively seeks out, however, SCP-363 will grow rapidly and erratically, to sizes up to and exceeding 10 m x 2 m. SCP-363 does not retain the form of a centipede under these conditions. So far, reports have documented: proboscises, tentacles, highly elongated mandibles, an inconsistent number of eyes and legs, and, in one case, [DATA EXPUNGED]. SCP-363 will revert back to normal size and appearance after 2-3 hours of illumination of a level of at least 50 lux.
SCP-363 will attack any animal emitting body heat, and appears to be able to detect and hunt in total darkness. It is assumed it uses other senses to hunt, with vision in a secondary position.
Reproductive cycle of SCP-363 is similar to that of normal S. gigantea, with one difference. Rather than in a cluster of leaves and dirt, eggs are laid and fertilized in the █████ cavity of paralyzed [DATA EXPUNGED], followed by death.
Addendum 1: Note from Dr. Skalder: We've determined that fire seems to scare or ward off SCP-363. In light of this, we have equipped three of the members of MTF Eta-Seven, "Creepy Crawlies", with military-issue M2A1-7 flamethrowers.
Addendum 2: Incident report of breach.
Document# 363-Alpha: Breach 1
Item #: SCP-366
Object Class: Euclid
Special Containment Procedures: All SCP-366 specimens, regardless of stage, are to be stored in a Level 4 Biological Hazard freezing unit at Biological Research Site-66. Cryopreservation is to be achieved through freezing in liquid nitrogen at a constant temperature of -196 °C to prevent activation. Due to the diminutive nature of SCP-366 ova, these specimens are to be stored in a near vacuum class III biosafety cabinet to avoid accidental dispersion, in addition to cryopreservation as outlined above.
All specimens and infested hosts are only to be handled by authorized personnel wearing Level A hazmat suits with SCBA, and all personnel involved in the handling of SCP-366 are to be scanned by MRI for possible infestation before entering and after exiting containment facilities.
If an infestation is detected, specific procedures are to be followed depending on the sex of the host. Males are to be detained and subjected to a dual inguinal orchiectomy by resident Level 3 or higher medical staff. All medical offal is to be disposed of according to the HazB-Inf/142b protocol. A secondary scan for infestation is to be performed after recovery in quarantine to verify the success of the procedure and to rule out residual infestation. Females found to have suffered infestation are to be likewise detained and placed in quarantine under medical observation 24 hours per day until such time as an ABE-366 event occurs.
Should signs of an imminent ABE-366 event be detected, the host is to be sedated using benzodiazepines, the dosage to be determined by the resident head of medical staff. The host's quarantine cell is then to be evacuated of all personnel. Due to the dangers of hearing loss, immediate containment of SCP-366 specimens exiting the host's body is essential. Post-event, both the host and any affected personnel are to be screened for (continued) infestation and treated accordingly. If no such infestation is detected and the host survived, class-A amnestics may be administered and the host need no longer be detained. No special social reintegration procedures apply.
As locations where SCP-366 ova are deposited shift if sealed off permanently, containment of these areas focuses on detection, quarantine of hosts and containment of specimens. If celestial events known to trigger the appearance of SCP-366 ova can be foreseen, sites are to be closed down temporarily. If need be, ova may be harvested for research. In all other situations, ova are to be allowed to expire before sites are declared open again.
If infestation is detected outside of Foundation control, hosts are to be detained and subjected to the stipulations above. The procedures outlined above are then to be applied to locations linked to these cases.
Critical infestations occurring outside of the Foundation's control warrant a full quarantine of all individuals in contact with the deceased. If necessary, temporary research and detainment sites are to be established around large-scale hotzones.
Description: SCP-366 refers to a human endoparasite of unknown, possibly extraterrestrial origin that starts its lifecycle in an ovum stage. In male hosts, ova can develop into a larval stage. In female hosts, larval stage specimens may transition to the adult stage. Larvae introduced to male hosts and ova introduced to female hosts live at most three hours before expiring due to a lack of the hormones necessary for their further development. Attempts to cultivate infestations in other organisms have not yielded any results, with SCP-366 specimens of any stage expiring as expected when outside a human host.
Ova measure approximately 1 micrometer in diameter and have never been recovered unfertilized. When encountered outside of a host, ova are dormant with the embryo in developmental stasis. Larvae measure between 0.1 - 0.2 mm and display physical characteristics of the larvae of Ochlerotatus cantato. Despite this resemblance, research has indicated no DNA matches with that species nor any of its family. Adult SCP-366 specimens resemble the larvae of Tenebrio molitor though they are significantly larger (9.3 cm - 14.8 cm). Again, this resemblance is superficial only.
Upon introduction of SCP-366 ova to a male host via inhalation or ingestion specimens travel through the body to settle in the testes. An ovum stage specimen monitors its host's testosterone levels for between 27-32 days. After that period of time, any significant increase in testosterone over the usual levels will trigger a transition to larval stage. SCP-366 larvae lie dormant in the testes, waiting to be transmitted to a female host. Symptoms that male hosts may display at this time include muscle pains, fevers and a small amount of blood in the host's urine. Larva developed in male hosts are transmitted to female hosts through ejaculation. If ejaculation does not occur, larval stage specimens will remain in the host's system indefinitely, waiting to be transferred to a female host. Lifespan has not as of yet been established for these larvae.
SCP-366 infestation in female hosts occurs after unprotected copulation with infested males. Larvae transmitted in this manner attach to the lining of the uterus and feed on the host's output of 17ß-estradiol to grow to their adult form. An infestation with adult specimens produces symptoms resembling pregnancy which may include:
- Nausea
- A swelling of the abdominal area
- Light blood loss in stool or vaginal fluids
- Abdominal cramps
During this gestation period the SCP-366 specimens present in the uterus will display ovophagous behavior, with the larger and stronger specimens killing and assimilating weaker ones. This process continues until only one specimen survives. After three to six weeks, the remaining adult specimen leaves the host in an ABE-366 event. Specimens birthed in this manner will take flight through unknown means and attempt to gain access to the open sky. If successful, specimens will ascend towards the [REDACTED] system at an average rate of 114 km/h. Research using tracking devices attached to birthed specimens has yielded little result, with signals lost in the vicinity of [REDACTED]. Specimens prevented from reaching the open sky will produce a sustained high-pitched sound at approximately 101 dB.
An infestation is designated critical if abnormally elevated levels of 17ß-estradiol in males cause larval stage specimens to develop into adult stage prematurely. These cases are invariably fatal to the host as large numbers of immature adult stage specimens leave the host's body in an abrupt mass exodus. There was only one recorded critical infestation amongst infested males in Foundation custody.
SCP-366 ovum stage specimens can be found exclusively in the state of Massachusetts, always at exposed locations known locally for adolescent sexual activity. Certain celestial events, such as meteor showers, may trigger the descent of SCP-366 ova. The amount of ova deposited during these events ranges from approximately 1.000 to 10.000 depending on the level of activity at the location. The exact origin of the ova remains untraceable at this point.
Addendum 366-A-01:
Item #: SCP-370
Object Class: Keter
WARNING: SCP-370 is an exceedingly contagious memetic infection. No cases of personnel being infected simply from reading this article have yet been recorded, but nevertheless as a precaution this document may only be read in a controlled environment with mechanisms in place to terminate the reader at the first symptoms. Spreading any information about SCP-370 by word of mouth is grounds for immediate termination.
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-370 itself is embedded in a small slab of solid lead and kept inside a solid steel box with no openings and 0.5 meter thick walls. Under no circumstances is SCP-370 to be removed from either this box or the lead slab. If SCP-370 becomes partially or completely exposed, blindfolded personnel will be assigned to locate it with a metal detector. An electromagnet will then be used to transfer SCP-370 to a small mold filled with molten lead. Once this has hardened the lead slab containing SCP-370 will be returned to its steel box, and the box returned to its containment vault.
This box is kept in a specially designated vault at Site-██. SCP-370 requires no maintenance whatsoever and no research is authorized. Desire to open this vault to perform research on SCP-370 or for any other reason is a symptom of SCP-370 infection. Any personnel displaying this or any other symptoms must be quarantined immediately and terminated if symptoms persist.
SCP-370’s vulnerability status is unknown. No testing of this sort has been carried out, and no future testing is authorized due to the extreme risk of contagion to personnel involved.
D-class personnel with significant violent or sadistic tendencies are to be preferred in all interactions with SCP-370 or potentially SCP-370 contagious data.
All live broadcasting capability will be removed from any Foundation Site that shows signs of SCP-370 presence and restored one (1) year after the last SCP-370 event.
Any personnel assigned to SCP-370 who show a sudden improvement in overall well-being should be quarantined and deprived of sleep. If any personnel continue to display ‘happiness’ symptoms despite this measure termination will be authorized.
Description: SCP-370 is a key. The size, shape, material and general appearance of SCP-370 are unknown. Knowledge of these characteristics is the primary vector for the spread of the SCP-370 disease, therefore all records thought to contain such information have been destroyed without review.
The disease caused by SCP-370 has three distinct sets of symptoms, designations SCP-370-a, b and c. The form of the disease appearing in any given subject appears to be determined primarily by personality.
- SCP-370-a manifests most frequently in subjects characterized by their peers as self-centered or cowardly. It is the most common manifestation. Subjects suffering from SCP-370-a show no symptoms upon the initial infection. However, these subjects will commit suicide as soon as they have an opportunity to do so with minimal suffering (for example, SCP-370-a victims will jump from high ledges or shoot themselves in the head with firearms, but will not cut their own wrists or hang themselves).
The instant the subject’s heart ceases to beat, the infected corpse will glow brilliantly and undergo an unknown transformation. Detailed knowledge of the transformation is a vector for the infection, as is direct visual contact with the light produced. No trace of any part of a subject’s corpse has ever been recovered following this transformation.
- The majority of SCP-370-b subjects are commonly described as both extroverted and altruistic, however, an identical manifestation of SCP-370-b appears in individuals with strong sadistic or violent tendencies. Subjects infected with SCP-370-b initially become very calm. This stage lasts for several seconds, and is followed by a sudden unprovoked assault on anyone within the subject's reach, which continues into an indiscriminate killing spree. Persons killed by the infected subject will glow brightly and undergo an unknown transformation, presumably the same or similar to that of the suicides.
Initially the infected subject is no more dangerous than an ordinary violent human, however after approximately killing two (2) to three (3) victims the subject’s body will begin to radiate yellow light. This light appears to inhibit the sympathetic nervous response of the subject’s victims, making it difficult for victims to fight back. After approximately five (5) to six (6) successful kills, the light triples in intensity and the direct skin-to-skin contact with the subject becomes deadly. At this point any eye contact with the victim becomes a contagious factor.
After killing an average of twelve (12) victims (subjects who were considered violent prior to infection may require as many as fifty (50) kills to reach this stage) the subject will abruptly cease hostilities and enter the final phase of SCP-370-b infection. Subjects will raise its arms skyward and shout in a slightly amplified voice, “████ take me home!” This sound seems to pass through soundproof walls and industrial strength earmuffs with only slight muffling. Infection of all human beings within earshot is virtually guaranteed, except in cases of sensory deafness. After this cry, a shaft of radiation in the visible spectrum forms around the subject, who will then levitate several feet above the ground before [REDACTED] and vanishing. As with SCP-370-a, no traces of the vanished subjects have ever been found.
- SCP-370-c manifests in subjects of high IQ and analytical or contemplative personality type and is the most dangerous of the three manifestations. Unfortunately the majority of the Foundation’s research staff are susceptible to SCP-370-c. Upon initial infection, subjects will close their eyes and remain voluntarily still and silent for an average of thirty (30) seconds. If questioned on this, subjects will claim to have been ‘praying.’ Any infected subjects detected at this stage must be terminated immediately and by any means necessary.
After the initial infection subjects will behave as normal, but with significant increase in ‘sense of well-being.’ This system persists even when the subject is forced into unpleasant conditions. Infected subjects seem to possess SCP-370 contagious knowledge about the appearance and exact nature of SCP-370 whether or not they have ever been exposed to such information. Subjects will actively and covertly attempt to spread SCP-370 infection, specifically targeting victims likely to manifest SCP-370-a or SCP-370-c. These efforts are likely to include but not limited to:
- Mentioning SCP-370 contagious information in casual conversation.
- Attempting to have SCP-370 removed from containment for research or attempted disposal.
- Adding SCP-370 vectors to Foundation research notes or other documents, including this page.
- Attempting to broadcast infectious material on a large scale.
After about fifty (50) successful infections SCP-370-c enters its final phase. During this phase the air around the subject radiates a small amount of light in the visible spectrum, creating a faint yellow glow around the subject. This glow induces a parasympathetic ‘calming’ response in viewers and has a █% chance of causing infection for every minute of visual contact. Within about a day of this radiation appearing, regardless of any further successful infections, a flaming [DATA EXPUNGED] burn marks on any surfaces it touches or passes through and leaving no trace of the infected subject. This event leaves behind an invisible patch of contagious space which infects anyone who passes through it. Patches seem to fade in approximately seven (7) days but as a precaution should be avoided for a full two (2) weeks.
It has become apparent that SCP-370-c infection is being used by some personnel as an excuse to torment and murder fellow Foundation staff. The personnel responsible have been demoted to D-class, however considering the enormous threat posed by SCP-370-c the containment protocol above will not be revised. - Dr ███████
Addendum 370-a:
Item #: SCP-372
Object Class: Euclid
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-372 is to be contained in a cell, 5m x 4m x 2m, lined with reinforced plexiglass. Embedded into each of the four walls of this cell will be one infrared motion detector. Feeding will take place once every two weeks, to consist of 1 kg of red meat and uncooked vegetables, to be deposited in its cell via chute.
All guards working near SCP-372's cell must wear helmets with cameras mounted in the forehead, with live feeds to the nearest guard station. In the event of a containment breach, an alert will be sounded that all personnel should watch for any brief flickering movements in the corner of their eyes, and to report immediately if one is sighted.
Description: SCP-372 is a creature of unknown genus, approximately 2 meters long from head to tail and weighing approximately 45 kilograms. It has a long, thin body with eight pairs of narrow limbs.
Analysis has shown that its muscle fibers are [REDACTED], allowing for extremely fast and precise movements. Every part of the body is abnormally flexible, and the limbs are coated with small fibers that cling to almost any solid surface.
In place of eyes or ears, it has [DATA EXPUNGED]. This sensory organ is capable not only of echolocation but also of detecting energy transfers, such as the electrical impulses in the brains of nearby beings. SCP-372 has learned to time its movements to those pulses, predicting the movements of any being around it. It uses this technique to hide, either by hiding behind the head of a person looking for it or by hiding in their scotomas (blind spots) and saccades (clipping during eye movement).
SCP-372 first came to the attention of the Foundation on █/██/████, when an undercover agent working at █████████ ██████ reported seeing a creature that resembled the described “hallucinations” of one of the patients (Mr. ████ ████████). After thorough investigation, SCP-372 was captured via [REDACTED], and it was determined that it had, for unknown reasons, been tormenting the unfortunate patient. It had confused him by periodically following him and remaining within sight of him while hiding outside the visual fields of those around him, making him believe that he was hallucinating a “monster” no one else could see. Unfortunately, the patient had by this time actually become mentally unbalanced due to stress, and [DATA EXPUNGED].
Log of tests on SCP-372:
Item #: SCP-378
Object Class: Thaumiel
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-378 is to be contained in a Subterranean Entity Containment Terrarium. Temperature and humidity are to be maintained at levels optimal for the growth and habitation of Heterodermia kaincrow1 and Prenolepis everettmann2. Twice per year, SCP-378 is to undergo a medical and psychological examination.
Access to SCP-378's containment terrarium is separated from the surrounding facility by a decontamination chamber. Handling personnel are required to wear full-body protection, and must be screened for SCP-378-A prior to exiting decontamination. Infected personnel are to be terminated unless the position of SCP-378-1 or -3 is vacant, in which case they are to be assigned to the relevant position instead.
As of the adoption of the Kraken Protocol, SCP-378's containment is focused on maintaining its three primary containment components:
Each component is fitted with a tracking device and an audio recorder. Each week, embedded agents stationed near each component are to evaluate the health and integrity of each component and its associated surveillance equipment. The utilization of SCP-378-A in further infiltration is pending Foundation Overwatch approval.
Description: SCP-378 is an arthropod superficially resembling a deformed larval instance of Scolopendra gigantea3. SCP-378's legs are largely vestigial, primarily meant to assist in peristaltic locomotion. SCP-378 measures 3 meters from mouth to anus, with a bodily thickness of 1 meter and a weight of 233 kilograms. Under normal conditions, SCP-378 is an omnivore, with a diet consisting primarily of lichen and insects.
SCP-378 is capable of asexual reproduction at will, producing instances of SCP-378-A from its anus. Instances of SCP-378-A resemble adult Scolopendra gigantea; dissection suggests this resemblance is superficial, as SCP-378-A lack expected organ systems beyond a primitive neural network. Instances of SCP-378-A are controlled remotely by SCP-378.
SCP-378-A are obligate endoparasites, infecting advanced primates such as humans, Homo ignotus4, and Gigantopithecus sapiens5. Upon infection, SCP-378-A integrates itself with its host's nervous system through poorly-understood means, inducing brain death and extending SCP-378's remote control to the host itself. Vital functions and sensory input remain unaffected.
Upon infecting a suitable host, SCP-378 will attempt to reintegrate its hosts into their respective species's social sphere. Once integrated, SCP-378 directs its hosts to indefinitely engage in the behaviors typical for its species, such as communal labor and social recreation. Human hosts prefer environments with a high population-density and a robust entertainment scene.
The upper limit of active hosts SCP-378 can maintain at any one time is unknown. Upon initial interrogation, SCP-378 confessed to the existence of twenty-six human hosts, as well as two instances of Alouatta pigra6 and three instances of SCP-10007, of which it noted had been acquired during a period of heavy intoxication.
Addendum 178-294b:
Item #: SCP-381
Object Class: Safe
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-381 is to be kept in a 23 x 31 cm document envelope in Storage Unit-05. Further containment procedure is not necessary under non-testing conditions. Non-Roman Catholic Christian (i.e., any Protestant denomination) research staff are not permitted to perform tests on SCP-381 due of the risk of combustion; other Abrahamic or non-religious personnel are not at risk.
Description: SCP-381 comprises 7 unbound pages of yellowing paper sheet music. Chemical analysis has confirmed that the ink on the paper is made of a mix of a solution of tannic acids with ferrous sulphate and gum, consistent with a recipe for ink contemporary with the paper’s estimated year of production (15██ CE).
Each page contains 8 bars of a contrapuntal, polyphonic, Baroque choral composition with overlapping harmonies written for bass, baritone, tenor, and soprano/castrati vocal parts. None of the script is legible with the exception of the rubricated capitals interspersed throughout the piece.
Anyone who touches SCP-381 abruptly begins to sing from the beginning of the composition in a range suited to their age and gender but with professional-level competence. By measure █, other voices will have joined: such voices emerge from the air around the SCP, and sound like a choir made up of between ██ and ███ members, singing lyrics in Latin that translate to [DATA EXPUNGED]. When the singers reach measure ██, all non-Roman Catholic Christians in the area (including the singer, if applicable) will spontaneously burst into flame that extinguishes only upon cessation of life function and cannot be extinguished by any available means. The flame is otherwise normal, emitting heat and light as would be expected.
SCP-381 was recovered by Agent ██████ in █████, Spain on ██-██-██. It was found in an unopened envelope sealed with the arms of Philip II of Spain, along with the preserved skeleton of a messenger (further examination of the skeleton revealed probable cause of death as [DATA EXPUNGED]). Along with SCP-381, the envelope contained a written note to “HRM Elizabeth I on the event of her Coronation,” expressing Philip’s congratulations and wishes for a prosperous rule, and the contents of the envelope are noted as “a composition to ryvle the beauty of even Your Majesty.” The missive is dated 28 December, 1558.
Addendum-381-1: Research in the Vatican Archives by Dr. ███████ with the help of Cardinal ████████ has revealed a work commissioned by Pope Paul IV matching the description of SCP-381, though no mention is made of any unusual combustive properties. The piece was commissioned from Italian composer ███████ █████████, who notably vanished after he [DATA EXPUNGED].
Although this information is largely irrelevant to the status of the SCP today, it is of great historical interest when framed in the politics of the Protestant reformation and Catholic counter-reformation. General Bowe is obviously not the first to try to weaponize SCPs. – Dr. ███████
« SCP-380 | SCP-381 | SCP-382 »
Item #: SCP-383
Object Class: Euclid
Special Containment Procedures: All samples of SCP-383 must be kept in standard airtight, plastic containers frozen into ice blocks, and stored in a locker kept at -5 degrees Celsius at all times. All samples of SCP-383 removed for testing must be handled with a minimum safety equipment of a face mask, latex gloves, and protective goggles (optional if personnel already wear prescription glasses.) Personnel are reminded to wash hands after handling SCP-383 related materials.
All suspected and confirmed infections of SCP-383 will be treated with personnel, and anyone they have had direct contact within the frame of infection, placed into quarantine for the duration of testing. A confirmed case of SCP-383 will result in personnel being placed under a week-long quarantine and placed on antivirals until testing reveals that SCP-383 is fully flushed from the system. Infected civilians are to be treated similarly, and given a Class B Amnestic, and told that they are in quarantine for a highly virulent new strain of the flu, and the cause of the outbreak must be identified.
All objects created by SCP-383 must be cataloged, along with the current state of the host. Hosts of SCP-383 will be given a high-nutrition IV drip and unless Class-D testing is in operation, hosts will be kept mildly sedated and in safe, hospitable situations.
For obvious security reasons, SCP-383 may not be introduced to any other SCP's.
Description: SCP-383 is a viral infection, first categorized as a variant of influenza. The initial symptoms of SCP-383 are similar to those of the common cold, ranging through a variety of aches and pains, sinus issues, sore throat, upset stomach, coughing and sneezing, and fatigue. It appears to only be capable of infecting human hosts, but has been observed to be carried by other animals, such as rats and pigeons. Similar to a common infection, SCP-383 will work its way through the human body naturally within a few days, or faster with routine antivirals.
However, SCP-383 is also accompanied by extreme waves of nausea. Along with bringing up the contents of the host's stomach, SCP-383 appears to be capable of, through unknown means, producing random items. These items are always sized appropriately to the host's mouth, even if it appears infeasible for them to originate from the stomach, suggesting that these items are actually produced either in the mouth or throat. More often than not, these items are useful, individually, to the host.
For example, a host inside of a locked room may regurgitate a key, or a lockpick set, or a crowbar to pry the door open. While the results are far from consistent, the only pattern shown is that SCP-383 always produces items of use to the host in one way or another. SCP-383 has even been observed to create living animals and complex mechanical devices.
Although SCP-383 would seem to have great potential as a Foundation asset, it should be noted that these items do not spontaneously appear. Rather, they are created from biomass from the human body. Victims are prone to anemia, nutrition loss, bone damage, and severe weight loss depending upon the fashion of items produced. Items that contain substances not found often inside the human body are often replaced with similar substances, or missing non-vital parts.
Infections can also cause damage to the mouth and esophagus, and a weakening of the immune system. Hosts have also been observed to have a risk of choking on any items produced from SCP-383. Hosts of SCP-383 also report some difficulty swallowing foods, and the relatively consistent nausea makes it difficult to consume or digest any foods or liquids, occasionally resulting in dehydration.
Due to SCP-383's highly virulent nature, occasional mutations can occur, resulting in SCP-383 strains that cause the host to regurgitate unsafe items or substances such as boiling-hot liquids or knives, that injure or kill the host. Other somewhat common SCP-383 strains include a similar effect to the parent virus, but manifesting its item-creation abilities through fecal excretion instead.
Extra risk may be taken to prevent further strains of SCP-383 from developing, as a strain capable of infecting nonhuman entities or with an entirely fatal reaction could prove disastrous.
Outbreaks of SCP-383 outside the SCP facility have been observed and contained, see addendum for details.
Addendum:
Item #: SCP-384
Object Class: Safe
Special Containment Procedures: Containment Unit-077, located directly outside Site-19, houses the current manifestation of SCP-384. It is to be outfitted with standard Foundation recording devices, and must be situated such that it cannot be considered part of Site-19. SCP-384 must be the only way to enter or exit Containment Unit-077, unless an experiment requires the destruction of SCP-384, in which case the directing Level 4 researcher must approve the installation of an additional entryway in Containment Unit-077.
When in use for experimentation, SCP-384 is to be observed at all times via closed circuit television. If remote observation fails for any reason, all personnel assigned to SCP-384 are to be notified, and only personnel with permission from the supervising Level 4 researcher may enter Containment Unit-077. Personnel entering during the event of an observation failure must observe SCP-384 at all times. Failure by any personnel to do so will result in a complete lockdown of Containment Unit-077 and Site-19 passageways leading to it, with normal operation to only resume at the overseeing Level 4 researcher's command. Offending personnel are to be severely reprimanded.
During experimentation, only approved personnel may converse with SCP-384-1. Conversations must be broken up into one-minute intervals. Interviewers must pause conversation at the one minute mark, wait at least thirty seconds, and then resume conversation.
As of 3/22/20██, all researchers experimenting with SCP-384 must be accompanied by at least two armed guards. Personnel entering Containment Unit-077 will be subject to a standard Dangerous Material Search before being allowed entrance.
Description: SCP-384 is currently the access door to Containment Unit-077. SCP-384 has a variable form; any door installed in the same building as it can spontaneously take on its properties. This transfer will also occur if SCP-384 is destroyed. When recovered from a raid on a Marshall, Carter, and Dark Ltd. auction, SCP-384 had been contained in a similar manner, with it isolated in a separate building with only one available door for it to inhabit.
Two conditions must be met for SCP-384's effects to begin: it must be opened by a human being and must be closed by a human being while being unobserved by any possible means of observation, cameras and other electronic devices included. If these conditions are met, liquid tar will begin to flow out from under SCP-384 and fill the room that it currently occupies at a rate of about 6.5 L/second. The tar is incapable of pooling into a depth of more than three centimeters, but will instead climb up and adhere to the walls and ceiling of the room. There will only be a cessation of tar flow when the floor, walls, and ceiling of the room have been coated. Both the source and the means of production of the tar are unknown. Besides its unusual adhesive properties, the tar has no paranormal effects and will behave completely normally once taken out of a room (hence its lack of an SCP designation).
During the coating process, individuals inside the affected room can leave easily. However, once the process is complete all open doors in the affected room will close and automatically lock. Doors cannot be unlocked, even if lock-picks are used, but they can be destroyed.
The second stage of effects takes place immediately after the conclusion of the first stage. Subjects who have not already escaped the affected room report the voice of a female human child, designated SCP-384-1. It is only audible within SCP-384’s room; recording devices placed directly outside the room cannot hear the voice.
SCP-384-1 has been described as polite and cooperative. It claims that its name is ███████ ████, reported missing by her family in 196█. When asked about its current whereabouts, SCP-384-1 will say that it cannot see anything or hear anything besides the interrogator’s voice. SCP-384-1 apparently knows nothing of SCP-384 or its properties. An excerpt of an interview log is given below:
Interview Log-384-22, 00:14:12
Item #: SCP-393
Object Class: Euclid
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-393 is to be kept in the possession of a designated D-class subject, hereby referred to as D-393, at Site-██. The vitals of D-393 are to be monitored at all times to prevent SCP-393 from 'linking' to important SCP personnel in the event of D-393's death. A secondary D-class subject will remain on stand-by for emergency reclamations of SCP-393 if D-393 should die.
Description: SCP-393 is an ordinary 9 cm x 14 cm blue day planner with a year embroidered into its cover that always matches the current year. The information on the back of the day planner reveals it to be a product of █████ ███████ publishing. SCP-393 has the ability to 'link' to a nearby subject via unknown means. Once linked, the day planner will appear in the hands of its owner whenever it is not being watched. Additionally, any event written in the past dates of the day planner are instantly recalled by the subject as if they experienced it themselves. Events written in a future date of SCP-393 will elicit no change until the date of the event has passed, at which time the subject will recall the event. If the subject currently linked with SCP-393 dies, SCP-393 will choose a new owner within ten minutes of the previous owner's demise, based on proximity. There appears to be no maximal distance for this ability (for additional details, see testing log).
Interview Log 393-1a
Item #: SCP-396
Object Class: Keter
Special Containment Procedures: A geolocator has been affixed to SCP-396 to track its movements. Local Foundation liaisons have been dispatched to locations where SCP-396 frequently manifests to facilitate prompt re-containment. An airborne amnestic compound has been infused into the cushions of SCP-396 and into its containment chamber as a precaution. When possible, SCP-396 is to be contained within Area-93.
Foundation personnel are not to mention any location or event taking place outside of Area-93 when they are within SCP-396's containment area. Failure to comply with this can result in demotion to Level 0 and is to be treated as a disclosure of classified information.
Current theories on enacting permanent containment are currently focused on finding ways to utilize SCP-396's awareness of its surroundings to create controlled environments and induce it to teleport there, which SCP-396 may become settled in repeatedly appearing. This "closed loop" theory of containment is currently under consideration by the Area-93 leadership.
Description: SCP-396 is a chair constructed of plastic and steel.
At statistically random intervals, usually between one and eleven months, SCP-396 will displace itself and another chair somewhere on the planet Earth. Any living matter that is seated on SCP-396 or the seat it is displacing will also change places. This change is instantaneous. The approximate limits of this teleportation are unclear, but SCP-396 is currently believed to be able to transport itself to any location on Earth.
SCP-396 was discovered in a theater in ██████, ██████████. Originally, it was classified as Safe, as its area of effect was believed to be localized. As such, Junior level researchers were frequently assigned to work with it.
It is believed SCP-396 is able to listen to nearby conversation, and transported itself to locations mentioned by its research staff. Containment procedures and classification escalated until reaching their current levels.
There are currently 908 locations that are known to have been discussed or mentioned in passing around SCP-396 that it may affect. It has been shown to be much more likely to affect locations that were mentioned repeatedly, or in great detail. A full list is considered to be impossible due to incomplete records of SCP-396's early time in containment.
Addendum SCP-396-A: On 09/18/19██, during regular testing of SCP-1609, the anomaly unexpectedly began to show aggression towards D-939668. However, before any personnel could be injured or killed, SCP-1609 was displaced by SCP-396. Due to SCP-396's more remote location and secure containment chamber, there were no casualties and SCP-1609 was recontained without additional incident. After the incident, it was found that D-939668 had previously worked as a contractor in the construction of multiple GOC facilities. Security data is being reviewed to find out how SCP-396 was able to displace itself to Storage Site-08.
« SCP-395 | SCP-396 | SCP-397 »
Item #: SCP-398
Object Class: Euclid
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-398 is contained behind a reverse-airlock style containment chamber locking mechanism consisting of at least three steel doors and an atmospheric reduction system. A minimum of two guards must be stationed at the doors, remaining at a 50 m distance from the entrance to the SCP.
Description: SCP-398 appears to all subjects as a hallway of some description; however, details differ between accounts. It is first seen as a hallway with white walls, plain wooden doors twenty (20) metres apart and approximately two (2) metres high, and brass handles, with no special attributes visible. This detail is consistent across all accounts. It was found on location at [DATA EXPUNGED] and upon investigation, a Dimensional Containment Site was set up around it. The remainder of the original building surrounding it is unremarkable and has been demolished as such.
Addendum-398-A:
Item #: SCP-401
Object Class: Euclid
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-401 is to be kept in an enclosed courtyard at Site-██. A mural of the landscape of southern France is painted on the walls of the courtyard. Once daily, personnel are to locate at least ten roots which will be fed a total of 15 L of nutritional supplement 401-NS-4 and to remove any solid waste produced. An EKG is to constantly monitor SCP-401 for any anomalies (refer to Incident 401-1 for details). Female personnel are not to enter the courtyard at any time between March 15 and April 1, under any circumstances.
Description: SCP-401 was discovered near the French city of ██████ when agents responded to reports of the ground bleeding. When led to the site, investigators found a human mouth embedded in the soil, licking away the remaining blood with a long prehensile tongue. It was not until a week later that agents realized that the mouth was part of the root structure of what at first appeared to be a forty (40) meter tall dead eucalyptus tree with branches shaped like multi-jointed human arms. The white colour of the trunk, originally suggesting that the tree was dead, was found to be because the bark was made of human bone tissue. It was given SCP status and excavated from the area, to be transported to Site-██.
SCP-401 resembles an ordinary tree in form and function. However, human physiology is substituted for plant biology in the fulfillment of necessary processes. The trunk is supported by multiple vertebral columns, woven together by tendons and muscles and coated by a layer of rough bone tissue also held together by flexible tendons. As one goes higher, the trunk will split repeatedly until there is a single vertebral column supporting the rest of the structure. At the base of the trunk are multiple human hearts which pump blood and nutrients through the roots and branches. The roots themselves are esophagi, protected by a layer of cartilage reminiscent of the trachea. At the end of each root is a fully formed upper and lower jaw, complete with muscles, lips, and the prehensile tongue first witnessed by agents in the field. The tongue seems to be used as a digging implement and as a snare for food, ranging from burrowing animals to edible fungi and plants. All of these roots ultimately lead to a single stomach. This, along with a fully functional, though unusually long, intestinal tract, work to absorb ingested nutrients. Solid waste is eliminated through a sphincteral orifice on the side of the trunk. No roots are found in the area immediately beneath this spot.
The branches, as initial observations suggested, are human arms. They extrude themselves from the bony trunk but have no bark themselves. Some will split at the elbow so that they may have two or even three forearms. The palms of its hands all face upward and the tip of each finger has a human eye growing from it. The iris of each eye is hazel. Dissection of the eyes shows that they are all myopic, though they do react to light stimuli as a normal eye would. Though the chemical process is not yet understood, the retinas carry on a form of photosynthesis which transforms carbon dioxide and water into oxygen and glucose. It is generally agreed that the eyes are myopic in order to prevent excessive damage to the retina from direct sunlight. Chemical analysis of the lungs shows that there is a higher oxygen content when SCP-401 exhales than when it inhales.
During spring, SCP-401 will go into bloom. Though it is genetically a human male, it will grow female sexual organs. The vaginal openings are located on the palms of its hands, with canals extending 18 cm along each wrist to a bulge which contains a fully formed uterus and ovaries. Five days after the formation of the organs, menstruation occurs, at which point male sexual organs begin to develop in their place over a period of ten days. Once fully formed, they will remain for one day before they are shed and eaten by the roots. During this phase, SCP-401 will attack human females for the purpose of reproduction.
Experiment Log 401-1:
Item #: SCP-404
Object Class: Safe
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-404 is to be kept in Section Alpha-1 of the Documents Repository. Any movement of SCP-404 beyond Section Alpha-1 will result in termination.
Description: SCP-404 is a pair of large manila envelopes, one of which has a series of pages attached to the front. Each page is stamped with a name/date/time/number table and contains multiple entries with known and unknown names. The ink has been dated to 1833, ±10 years and the folder dated to 1834, ±10 years. Many signatures are noted on the grid, notably those of former Document Repository Administrators ████████ (dated ██-██-████), ███ (dated ██-██-████), and ██████████ (dated ██-██-████). All signatures also are followed by a numerical reference number. Currently there are over 1000 signatures on these pages with additional pages appearing on their own when the previous ones become full. A count of these pages has proven impossible as has the contents of the envelope as mentioned later.
Contained inside SCP-404 are a series of large 8 x 10 photographs. Attempts to count the exact number of photographs have thus far failed. When a person attempts to count the total photographs they will invariably get a number wrong at least twice and have to start over. If more than one person attempts to count them they will begin to debate what number they were at last and start over. If a mechanized system is used to count the photographs it will either glitch, fail, freeze, or skip causing a recount to be required.
Any person may pick up and access the first envelope, known as SCP-404-A, they may withdraw a single photograph at a time from the envelope. This photo will always be blank when drawn out and will remain so until five (5) seconds have passed. Should the photo remain in contact with the person who drew it longer than five seconds it will then begin to fade into an image in the same way a Polaroid develops. This image will be a crystal clear image from an event in the holder's past which thus far has always been immediately recognized by the holder.
Once this photograph has been 'developed' it will no longer fit into SCP-404-A no matter what effort is applied to it. This image will fit perfectly into the second envelope, SCP-404-B. An undeveloped photo will not fit into SCP-404-B. After a developed photo is placed inside of SCP-404-B the pages attached to the front of the envelope will update themselves with the name, date, time, and an incrementing number. If a person picks up SCP-404-B they immediately know which pages contain lines with their name, although they may not know the numbers. When they have viewed the numbers or if they already know the number, they are able to draw that photo out of SCP-404-B with only a few seconds of searching.
The most disconcerting feature of SCP-404-B is that once the subject has left the presence of the envelopes for longer than an hour they forget interacting with either envelope as well as the memory imprinted on the photo. This effect lasts until the subjects re-enter the presence of SCP-404-A or -B at which time they regain their memory of having used the envelopes, but will not remember the event on the photograph until it is viewed again. Researchers who oversee the testing of SCP-404-A or -B but who do not interact with the contents of the envelope are capable of remembering both the test and the image to the best their natural memory allows.
Document #404-1: ██-██-████: Subject is Class-D personnel who has been instructed to draw five photos from SCP-404-A.
Item #: SCP-406
Object Class: Euclid
Special Containment Procedures: Task Force Tau-6 are assigned to monitor SCP-406 and process SCP-406-1 instances. They are to be based in a converted small industrial unit at a nearby industrial park, behind a Foundation front company ("Simon's Carpet Paradise").
The emergence point and western entrance of SCP-406 are to be monitored via closed circuit television cameras. Concealed lighting and infrared sensors are to be fitted to detect and illuminate emerging SCP-406-1 instances, and emergency clothing, non-perishable food, and basic first aid supplies are to be concealed behind false brickwork on the opposite wall. Two-way audio communication is to be enabled, via concealed microphones and speakers, between Tau-6 and the emergence point, to guide and instruct SCP-406-1 instances, and to wake them if necessary. The gate at the open western entrance is to be kept locked. Trespassers are to be monitored and are to be detained and administered amnestics if they witness an SCP-406-1 instance.
SCP-406-1 instances are to be retrieved by members of Tau-6 and taken to Sector-25, debriefed, administered amnestics, then escorted to their point of origin. Fabricated cover stories and/or amnestics are to be used to explain the absence of SCP-406-1 instances. All SCP-406-1 instances are to be logged and remotely monitored for a period of 5 years (previously 20), and detained if any anomalous properties become apparent.
A proposal for covert monitoring of residents of the origin area to prevent or reduce disappearance event frequency is currently under review.
Description: SCP-406 is a 228-metre-long disused railway tunnel in Crigglestone, England. The eastern entrance has been infilled and is inaccessible. The western entrance is blocked by a metal fence with a locked gate.
SCP-406-1 are persons who emerge via unknown means through the inner northern wall of SCP-406, at a point 15.3 metres from the closed end of the tunnel. SCP-406-1 instances are invariably initially asleep and walking upright, but most instances wake up naturally shortly after their appearance, usually due to the sudden shock of the cold air within the tunnel.
Initial inspection and testing of the emergence point was unable to identify any anomalous effects. Further testing of the emergence point is prohibited until further notice. See document SCP-406-A.
SCP-406's first known anomalous event on record was in December 1981, when the naked body of Mr █████ ████████, 24, was found within the tunnel, having died of head injuries and exposure after apparently tripping and falling within the tunnel. A tattoo was identified and later matched against a missing persons report in Illinois, USA. A subsequent instance of SCP-406-1 was recovered alive in February 1982, Miss ███████ █████, 8, and the anomalous nature of the tunnel became apparent. The Foundation became aware of SCP-406 at this point and established initial containment procedures.
All instances of SCP-406-1 to date have originated in the rough geographical area of Douglas County, Illinois and a small portion of the southern end of Champaign County, Illinois, and appeared within SCP-406 shortly after falling asleep. Instances of SCP-406-1 do not report abnormal histories of sleepwalking. To date, no attempt to witness or record the disappearance of an SCP-406-1 instance from their origin point has been successful. Current conjecture suggests that a disappearance will not occur unless unobserved. No SCP-406-1 has yet to report any memories of their time between falling asleep and waking within SCP-406, and no attempt to recover memories has yet been successful.
To date, ███ instances of SCP-406-1 have been recovered. SCP-406-1 instances are not known to be anomalous. No individual SCP-406-1 instance has appeared more than once.
Document SCP-406-A:
Item #: SCP-407
Object Class: Neutralized
Special Containment Procedures: At time of acquisition SCP-407 was recorded within a compact cassette tape. Currently, SCP-407 is backed-up as a digital audio file on [DATA EXPUNGED]. SCP-407 should not be allowed to play under any circumstances outside testing conditions, and only with the approval of O5-██.
Testing of SCP-407 is to be done in completely sound-proof environments. All tools and subjects must be sterilized to remove the presence of pollen, fungal spores, plant seeds, and as much bacterial life to the greatest degree possible to delay the negative effects of SCP-407.
Description: SCP-407 is a song in an unidentified language, seemingly sung a cappella. The voices are thought to be human. The tape containing SCP-407 was found with one track of approximately thirty (30) minutes duration, though the abrupt ending suggests there may be more. The song has been described by all listeners as something along the lines of 'soothing', 'glorious', and 'beautiful'.
While SCP-407 is played, rapid cell generation seems to occur within auditory radius. This effect seems to occur at the cellular level, and does not require the subject to be able to hear the music. The changes seem to only affect multi-cellular organisms at first, but quickly begins to affect mitosis in single-celled organisms.
During the first minute of exposure, all multi-cellular life forms seem to become healthier. Subjects suffering from malnutrition, scarring, physical injury, or chronic diseases or other medical conditions seem to become healthy with only a minute of exposure to SCP-407. This has been shown to cure Alzheimer's disease, Crohn's disease, brain and spinal cord injuries, and normally fatal infections or wounds, amongst other things. Interestingly, cancer does not seem to be affected, though the subject's physical condition was still vastly improved.
During the second and third minute of exposure, subjects start experiencing unnecessary unrestrained cell growth, manifesting in quickly advancing dermal growths. These growths seem to mostly be benign tumors and calcium and fat deposits, which though sometimes painful and disfiguring, are not life threatening.
During the fourth minute of exposure, increased bacterial and fungal growth occurs, creating conditions that grow increasingly dangerous for all exposed life, even in their new healthier states. Respiratory and digestive problems are quick to arrive in most cases, and become steadily worse as time progresses.
Past five (5) minutes, the effects of SCP-407 seem to differ each trial. In all cases, trace elements of plants or fungus as well as any animal life present begin to grow and replicate uncontrollably, at varying rates, often shaping into new organisms. Full results have varied depending on the test, and on the objects present when SCP-407 is played.
Addendum-407-01: SCP-407 was found in the home of Professor ██████ of ██████████, who had recently returned from research in the Amazon regions of northern Brazil. Agents were first alerted to a possible SCP when [DATA EXPUNGED].
Addendum 407-02: The mold that eventually resulted from SCP-407's second test appears to be some sort of Cordyceps Fungi. Noted to be similar to mold encountered by SCP-507. Due to fear of fulfilling a fate similar to that observed by 507, testing using SCP-407 has been limited to using only the first twenty (20) minutes of the recording.
Addendum 407-03: Below is a sample test run of SCP-407. For full research and experimentation notes, see Experiment Log 407.
Sample Test Notes:
<Test 2; SCP-407 played for 28m 32s. Within chamber; 1 D-Class personnel, unsterilized >
00:25 - Subject reports feeling soothed by the music, and of feeling stronger and more invigorated.
00:45 - Liver spots and scars previously seen are shown to disappear.
02:20 - Subject appears to have physically grown an inch. Increase in musculature is noticeable.
03:40 - Subject reports intestinal pain.
04:20 - Subject begins vomiting. From vomit, plants are seen growing and slowly rooting into the tile floor.
04:50 - Subject starts developing rashes and growths on skin.
05:30 - Heavy dermal disfigurement. Subject panting heavily, begging for help. Great pain reported.

06:10 - Subject falls to the ground and ceases to move.
06:45 - Subject's body is quickly covered in what is thought to be fungal infections. Plant growth is observed growing from the subject's mouth, then eye sockets.
07:30 - Subject is by this time unrecognizable, covered in molds and plant shoots. Body bursts as a banana tree emerges from the subject's intestines and proceeds to grow to maturity within seconds.
08:45 - Plant and fungal growth has begun to spread throughout the testing chamber. What appears to be moss and weeds cover the floor.
09:30 - Several shoots, stalks, bushes, and even small trees have appeared. Banana tree is no longer recognizable; the tree has grown thick and is covered with foliage and fungal growth.
10:30 - The air is heavy with pollen and spores. Vision into testing chamber is difficult.
11:30 - Movement is heard within the chamber. Several different small insect-like creatures are observed. Creatures are seemingly made of plant matter.
17:30 - For the last six minutes, creatures made of plant matter have been observed to rapidly generate, grow to maturity, kill and eat other creatures, and then be eaten themselves. Creatures increasingly progressing in size as time increases.
19:00 - Medium sized mammalian creatures are observed; they seem humanoid and bear a resemblance to initial Subject.
21:00 - Large fungal stalk is observed to grow from one of the mammalian creatures. Stalk end bursts, dispensing white spores.
22:00 - Plant growth is still lush, but everything begins to become coated by a layer of mold. The plant creatures seem to die slowly for an unknown reason, before being covered by the mold.
23:00 - Mammalian creatures are the last to succumb; they heavily decay and become covered in the same mold. Bodies are shown to contract and expand as if breathing. Stalks quickly rise from the bodies, burst with spores, and then just as quickly rot.
28:32 - Tape ends. No change in chamber since the appearance of the mold. Chamber undergoes rigorous anti-biological cleansing. Samples of the mold were taken. [See Addenda 407-01, 407-02]
<End Test 2>
Item #: SCP-408
Object Class: Safe
Special Containment Procedures: The screen mesh aviary must be kept properly maintained by Level 2 personnel with backgrounds in biology or lepidoptery. Proper humidity must be maintained and recorded once per day, and backed up to Site 17. 200 feeders filled with an aqueous sugar solution are to be maintained and refilled once per week.
Description: SCP-408 is a large mass of Lepidoptera, taking the appearance of zebra butterflies when not camouflaged. SCP-408 acts as a single entity at all times, speculated to be a form of hive mind communication amongst the mass. When inactive, SCP-408 will take on the color, pattern, and even texture of its immediate surroundings, making them functionally invisible. When threatened, SCP-408 has been observed to take on the form and appearance of a number of threatening creatures as a defense method, including a pride of lions, a Tyrannosaurus Rex, and most notably SCP-682 (See Incident Log 682-C).
SCP-408 possesses the ability to communicate and reason, utilizing its ability to manipulate its color into words and sentences to reply to researchers. IQ tests administered to SCP-408 have evaluated its IQ to be 109, or slightly above average. However, when a part of the swarm is isolated, lower scores have been reported, resulting in a theory that SCP-408 shares its cognitive capacity amongst the entirety of the swarm. As of ██-██-████, SCP-408 prefers to be identified by its SCP number.
SCP-408 was discovered in ██████, Brazil, after reports that locals and logging teams found their maps to be frequently inaccurate regarding the size of the rainforest. After reports of animal sightings not local to either the Brazilian Rainforest, and some not found on Earth at all, Foundation agents began an investigation resulting in the discovery of SCP-408. After learning it was intelligent, Dr. ███████, who accompanied the agents in the field, communicated with SCP-408 and convinced it to accompany him to Site 17, where their current habitat exists.
Addendum 408-A: Regarding SCP-408’s knowledge of SCP-682, an investigation is underway regarding this leak of information.
Incident 408-A: Due to a failure by appropriate personnel to properly refill 408’s feeders, the swarm took it upon itself to find sustenance by its own means. Taking the appearance of several level 1 personnel, SCP-408 convinced a passerby to open the door to the aviary, upon which they made an escape into the Site 17 facility. For the whole of the day, Site 17 personnel reported an alarming series of irregular events, ranging from color changing walls to several dozen versions of SCP-529 walking down a hallway. Site 17 was placed on lockdown and Delta Level Alert when it appeared that 90% of the containment units had been breached. Dr. Kondraki, Head of Research for 408 had been out on assignment that day, and it wasn’t until his return that the illusion had been revealed, and in short order SCP-408 was returned to its aviary. Little damage was done, except to the faculty break room, which was left without proper sweeteners for the next week.
Note: It may be just sugar water, but without it 408 is prone to mischief as we clearly saw yesterday. It's fortunate that it doesn't act maliciously, but think about others next time you slack off custodial duties. Think about yourself as well, as I will not tolerate having to use Sweet-n-Low in my morning coffee for very long. -Dr. Kondraki
Addendum 408-B: Recent field testing has shown that SCP-408 can act as an effective form of active invisibility when ordered to. SCP-408 was able to conceal five Level 2 personnel and keep them undetected throughout the facility. Tests show the concealment to operate at 99.997% efficiency, and can be maintained for up to five hours without need for rest or recuperation. The option of lending SCP-408 to Task Forces for covert operations is pending approval.
Addendum 408-C: During Incident 239-B - Clef-Kondraki, which SCP-408 was heavily involved in, a number of corpses left by Dr. Clef vanished in the aftermath of the event. Surveillance showed that at certain times, the entire swarm of SCP-408 would descend on the body, only to leave no trace of the corpse behind. Subsequent testing shows a proportional increase in IQ, although a lack of cooperation when questioned has shed no light on this development.
Interview Log 408-c
Item #: SCP-410
Object Class: Safe
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-410 is currently held at Site-23, Entomology Lab 14/Zeta, and maintained in a 1 x 1 x 1m transparent acrylic glass container. The top of the container is perforated with thirty-three (33) 1mm holes to allow for ventilation and features a small, hinged, lockable hatch in its center measuring 5 x 5 cm. The hatch utilizes a simple cylinder lock which is to be re-keyed every three (3) months. The hatch is to remain locked unless SCP-410 is actively being fed or constituent members of SCP-410 are being removed for/returned from research applications.
Every twenty four (24) hours, a visual inspection and inventory of SCP-410 and its constituent members is to be performed and logged according to Level IV Archival Standards by designated observational staff. Any increase or decrease in the number of constituent members of SCP-410 should be reported to the senior researcher on duty immediately.
Every twelve (12) hours, a document containing no fewer than five thousand (5000) words in any language, but possessing a minimum syntactical, orthographical and/or grammatical error ratio of 1% (50 errors/5000 words) is to be placed inside the container. The document should be removed after one (1) hour, reviewed by a staff linguist with a specialty in the language the document was composed in, and subsequently filed in the SCP-410 Feeding Archive. "Food" documents should be composed specifically for the purpose of sustaining the SCP-410 colony. No existing archival materials or official SCP records should be given to the entire SCP-410 colony under any circumstances.
A single individual from the 14-member colony that comprises SCP-410 may be removed for research and functional application for a single two (2) hour activity period daily with approval from the senior researcher on duty. No more than four (4) members of the colony are to be removed at any given time. Transport of a single SCP-410 colony member should be facilitated by no fewer than two (2) Class 2 entomology staff using only an approved SCP-410 transport module to do so. The current SCP-410 transport modules are 20 x 20 x 20cm transparent acrylic glass containers perforated with twelve (12) 1mm ventilation holes and each featuring a hinged lid equipped with a simple latch.
Description: SCP-410 is a colony of fourteen (14) individual beetles (designated Scarabaeus scriptor by staff coleopterist Dr. Langstrom), each measuring approximately 5cm and possessing a carapace color variation from light blue to deep emerald green. A visual examination reveals nothing distinctive from other members of the genus Scarabaeus with regards to their appearance (number of legs, wings, eyes, etc). Dissection of a single member of the colony by a trained coleopterist showed no discernible anomalies in internal morphology with the exception of a small additional organ (designated the "scriptorgan" by Dr. Langstrom) capable of producing a variety of fluids both caustic and inert. It is worth noting that following the death and dissection of this member of the colony, a "replacement" beetle larva was seen fourteen (14) days later and grew to full maturity within one month.
Members of SCP-410 appear to subsist entirely on inscribed language; more specifically, on syntactical, orthographical, and grammatical errors found in any form of writing physically inscribed on any surface by any currently available method. SCP-410 has no effect on electronic displays or digitized data. Consumed writing disappears from the surface of whatever material it has been inscribed upon. Between eighteen (18) and twenty-two (22) minutes following a feeding, SCP-410 will excrete "corrected" writing; inscribing it by unknown means back upon the surface from which the errors were consumed. To date, all corrections made by SCP-410 have been evaluated as 100% accurate by both staff and independent orthographers and linguists.
Individually, members of SCP-410 each seem to be able to consume and correct an approximate maximum of twenty-five thousand (25000) characters worth of errors daily and appear healthy and active with as few as five (5). Lack of sustenance for a period in excess of one day results in increasing lethargy until SCP-410 becomes completely inert, entering an apparent state of hibernation. SCP-410 can be roused from this state with a minimum of fifty (50) errors placed within its proximity. In groups of three (3) or more, SCP-410 will not only correct grammatical and orthographic errors, but begin to alter the style of the original text slightly; often using a somewhat expanded vocabulary and incorporating more complex narrative methods. When the entire colony is applied to a single document, all linguistic errors are corrected and the document is "perfected" in clarity, style, word choice, and rhetorical technique to such an extent that the original author's voice is nearly non-existent. Although the central thesis of a document always remains, the arguments supporting it may be vastly more complex or compelling in the case of research writing. In the case of basic lists of short statements or simple observational reports, enhanced correction may be in the form of layout alterations to provide greater clarity. See archival files 410-A44.2 through 410-A59888.6 for examples of editing.
There appear to be few limitations on the languages or materials that SCP-410 can interpret and harvest sustenance from. Hieroglyphs from the 31st century BCE Narmer Palette were successfully corrected by SCP-410 just as easily as errors created in the modern constructed language Esperanto. Excreted corrections match the original colors, method and medium of the errors with near-perfect accuracy. Graphites, inks, engravings, acid etchings, and high-energy laser inscriptions have all been successfully replicated in appearance by SCP-410's corrections. The only anomaly found within excreted corrections appears to be an inability to replicate aged materials. Errors inscribed in ink on a 14th century CE illuminated manuscript were ingested by SCP-410 and while corrections were excreted in a matching color, they possessed the vibrant intensity of new ink. Staff experts were easily able to spot the corrections in the manuscript visually, and spectrographic analysis confirmed the excreted inks were modern while the surrounding text dated from the time of the original manuscript.
SCP-410 has successfully harvested error sustenance from and excreted corrections onto the following materials:
Proposed testing of SCP-410 with anomalous texts, including texts containing SCP-423, is currently pending review.
Experiment 410-7.9:
Item #: SCP-412
Object Class: Safe
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-412 is currently contained within Storage Unit-11 at Site-19; removal of the item requires authorization by no fewer than three (3) personnel with Level-3 clearance, and may be vetoed by Site Security. Gloves should be worn when handling SCP-412 and the item should be transported in an opaque container.
Staff interaction must be carried out with full observance of Hazmat Protocol 7-R. Any and all staff making physical contact with or direct observation of SCP-412 will submit to a full physical examination. Anyone found to exhibit physical alteration will be remanded immediately to quarantine.
Description: SCP-412 is an antique silver hand mirror measuring 18 cm by 7 cm. The mirror has a 4 cm crack in the top left hand corner, and has an etched motif of roses and vines. Around ██% of subjects within direct line of sight of SCP-412 report a compulsion to pick up the item and view their reflection in it. There does not appear to be a discernible pattern to the 'selections' - testing for possible genetic, mental, or other selection markers is ongoing.
Simultaneous observation and contact with SCP-412 causes the item to 'connect' with the subject, regardless of whether they have been coerced into doing so by SCP-412. Tests using restrained subjects have shown that both actions (touching and viewing the reflection) are necessary for a connection to be made. No means of 'severing' this connection have been found, short of complete isolation for a period of no less than two years.
Connected subjects are compelled to repeatedly view their reflection in SCP-412, initially only once or twice a day. Viewing frequency increases over a period of several weeks. By around day 55, the amount of time subjects spend viewing their reflection typically begins to exceed all other activities, including sleep.
Each viewing causes biological alterations to the subject, beginning with minor physiological changes such as enlarged lymph nodes, facial rash, or skin discoloration. Although the exact pattern differs between subjects, by day 90 almost all subjects show downward extension of the ribcage, fixed open jaw by way of large cysts toward the rear of the mouth and severely compromised reproductive and immune systems. Subjects also show a continual loss of memory recall ability and emotional response; fMRI scans have shown a marked decrease in activity in subjects' amygdalae and parietal lobes. Interviews have shown that subjects appear to have an obsession with an 'other', for whom they are being made 'ready'.
Subjects who survive to the advanced stages of alteration (in excess of ███ days) begin to exhibit marked changes in behavior, and more drastic physical alterations. These include the reorganisation of internal organs, leading to the creation of a small empty area inside the chest, increased mucus production and changes in hormone production and [DATA EXPUNGED]. Autopsies on advanced-stage subjects have shown that the 'cavity' could theoretically support a separate life form. This led researchers to speculate that the alterations caused by SCP-412 intend to turn the human body into an 'environment suit' for a life-form unaccustomed to Earth's atmosphere. Authorised personnel should refer to Addendum 412-2 for further details.
Addendum 412-1: Circumstances of retrieval.
SCP-412 came to the attention of the Foundation following five unexplained deaths in ████████████, ██, matching the pattern described above. Three of the deceased owned a hand mirror of a similar age (the design varied considerably); only one mirror had reasonably intact glass. Once it had been established that the mirror was responsible for the mutations, it was taken into Foundation custody. The remains of the other two mirrors showed no unusual properties and were disposed of.
Testing and observation has led researchers to theorize that SCP-412 is not the mirror itself, but is in fact an outside force that 'anchors' to mirrors. This theory is unproven, but any mirrors suspected of exhibiting similar behaviour must be acquired and contained.
Addendum 412-2: Event 412-A
On ██/██/20██, Subject D-56653, 201 days after initial connection to SCP-412, ceased viewing his reflection and sat calmly in the corner of the quarantine room. Three hours later the subject began convulsing and clutching his chest - this continued for three minutes, after which time the subject lay immobile, apparently deceased. Once death had been confirmed, subject's corpse was taken for analysis. Pathologists found a small (8 cm) vaguely humanoid [REDACTED] within the artificial chest cavity. Organism had connected to the subject's blood supply and nervous system, and had begun to extend tendrils upward, puncturing the subject's trachea. Cells in the top ~5 cm of tendrils showed similarity to those in the optic organs of copepods, although with a much more complex structure. The origin of the organism and its cause of death are currently unknown.
« SCP-411 | SCP-412 | SCP-413 »
Item #: SCP-414
Object Class: Keter
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-414 is currently uncontained; containment efforts focus upon mitigating media attention and providing social work programs to demographics targeted by SCP-414. Individuals affected by SCP-414 iterations must be dosed with Class-B amnestics upon recovery and are to be kept under observation. Individuals reaching the final stage of SCP-414-2 are to be contacted by a Foundation social work front company; individuals under final stage SCP-414-2 are to be treated with tri-weekly talk therapy and trained animal companions where applicable.
As it is beyond the Foundation's resources to perform surveillance on every possible target of SCP-414, records from social work organizations and mental health care centers are to be trawled for SCP-414 phenomena where possible. Any media reporting of SCP-414 phenomena are to be removed and a cover story provided; a list of applicable cover stories can be found in Document 414-B.
A cure for SCP-414-2 is to be considered the highest priority after successful and complete containment. - Doctor Alice Ogawa, Principal SCP-414 Researcher
Description: SCP-414 is a phenomenon that targets asocial humans and is categorized into two derivative effects, SCP-414-1 and SCP-414-2. The asociality may range from minor introversion to complete isolation. SCP-414 primarily affects individuals under the NEET1 demographic with no regional preferences. SCP-414 begins when a humanoid in a circular mask, referred to as SCP-414-1, appears in front of a targeted human. SCP-414-1 typically claims to be an employee for a local social work organization.
SCP-414-1 are uniformly tall humanoids wearing circular masks and clothing that covers the whole body. SCP-414-1 only appear when attempting to contact a targeted individual and disappear after successful contact has occurred. SCP-414-1 is believed to have a single collective consciousness capable of sapience, cognizance, and intelligence.
SCP-414-2 is a chronic, degenerative condition resulting from any successful interaction between a targeted subject and an instance of SCP-414-1. Successful interaction occurs when SCP-414-1 has a successful face-to-face conversation2 or contact with a targeted subject.
A subject that has contracted SCP-414-2 undergoes 4 stages lasting between 2 and 276 days, with a 5th stage believed to be permanent. Individuals who are under 30 years of age, or who received SCP-414-2 through physical contact, progress through stages at an accelerated rate.
For a list of confirmed SCP-414-2 cases and extensive description, please refer to Document 414-2-A. Notable cases of SCP-414-2 are 414-2-Macgyver-Jacob, the current oldest case, and 414-Kyong- Myung, with the shortest recorded interval between diagnosis and suicide of 48 hours.
There is no cure or treatment available beyond coping mechanisms. SCP-414-2 has a fatality rate of 46.78% over 5 years and 67.84% over 10 years. Individuals over the age of 40 have significantly higher fatality rates of 87.23% over 5 years and 93.85% over 10 years. All fatalities are a result of suicide.
09/12/2014 Incident 414-A: At 06:02 Doctor Eliza Chuang, then-Principal SCP-414 Research Scientist, was contacted by three SCP-414-1. Dr. Chuang had a successful conversation, transcribed below. Dr. Chuang was succeeded by their primary assistant, Doctor Alice Ogawa, immediately after Incident 414-A.
Despite constant social interaction and animal companionship, Dr. Chuang committed suicide on 09/03/2015, 965 days after advancing to Stage 5 SCP-414-2.
[BEGIN LOG]
Item #: SCP-419
Object Class: Safe
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-419 is to be kept within a steel alloy1 frame and attached to its accommodating wallspace. No covering or casing is present. SCP-419 currently resides in a room inside Site 33, dimensions 3m x 5m x 4m. All of the walls in the containment unit, including the one behind SCP-419, are made of a mesh of plastic, steel, and concrete. On the north-facing wall of the containment room is a viewing bay2 leading to another room with the same dimensions. Two guards are positioned outside of the containment room near the viewing bay and are authorized to use lethal force. They shift every three (3) hours. SCP-419 must be cleaned daily with ordinary window-cleaning supplies. Any personnel tasked with maintenance must not suffer from acrophobia. Constant monitoring of SCP-419 must take place from the viewing bay in order to ensure that the view through SCP-419 does not change significantly. In the event that it does, contact Site Director █████. Access to SCP-419 is prohibited except under special circumstances and permission from Site Director.
Description: SCP-419 is a large pane of reinforced glass 1.5m x 3.6m x 7.6cm in dimensions. One side of SCP-419 does not allow light to pass through. Instead, it displays a view of what appears to be an extradimensional urban environment. This phenomenon is only present when viewed directly by a human subject. Photographs, motion sensors, and vision-enhancing objects such as glasses or contacts all act on SCP-419 as if it were a mirror. The scene viewed through SCP-419 appears to be outside but lacks any natural lighting, regardless of the time it is viewed. No super-terrestrial forms (such as celestial bodies) are visible. The view would appear to originate from a vantage point high above ground level. Approximately 800 lux of light emanates from SCP-419 despite the lack of a light source. The source of this phenomenon is theorized to be whatever environment SCP-419 displays. Light from SCP-419's testing chamber does not affect this scene.
The buildings visible through SCP-419 appear similar to those of the Victorian architectural period. However, they tend to have unusual, almost imperceptible changes that make them appear warped or twisted, or occupying spaces they should not. Much, if not all of the area viewed through SCP-419, is non-Euclidean. Estimates of the size of this city vary depending on when it is viewed and have ranged from approximately twelve square kilometers to over sixty. A multitude of neon lights and signs have been noted but are not in any known language.
Organisms have been viewed walking, albeit only en masse due to their relatively small size. Their actual size is currently unknown due to the lack of a scale. They appear to be humanoid and dark red in color; however, the lack of available computerized assistance and the obvious flaws in the human eye does not allow for a higher level of detail to be ascertained. Due to their seemingly advanced level of technology, the running theory among researchers is that this is not their actual skin color, but rather their clothing.
Additional Description:
Item #: SCP-426
Object Class: Euclid
Special Containment Procedures: I am to be sealed in a chamber with no windows through which I may be viewed. The door to my chamber must have a label completely unrelated to my designation or identity, in order to prevent unintended spread of my primary effect. Only Level 3 and above personnel are to know of my presence, and particularly of my properties. Assigned personnel are to be rotated out on a monthly basis to prevent contamination by my secondary effect. Psychiatric evaluation is mandatory at the end of the month. If personnel are deemed unaffected, they may be re-assigned to me no less than four months after their last rotation with me. Any affected personnel are to be given a Class C amnestic and transferred to a different site.
Description: Hello, I am SCP-426. I must be introduced this way in order to prevent ambiguity. I am an ordinary toaster, able to toast bread when supplied with electricity. However, when any human being mentions me, they inadvertently refer to me in the first person. Despite all attempts, there is yet to be a way to speak or write about me in the third person. When in my continuous presence for over two months, individuals begin to identify themselves as a toaster. Unless forcibly restrained, these people will ultimately harm themselves in their attempts to emulate my standard functions.
I was discovered in the home of the ████████ family after the gruesome deaths of three of its members. I had been given to the younger Mr. and Mrs. ████████ as a wedding gift. No card or any other identifying markings had been found on my box. Approximately two months after the family received me, fire crews were dispatched to the home due to an electrical fire. The younger Mrs. ████████ died from the electric discharge that she had caused when attempting to devour an electric socket. The other two victims had died shortly before the fire occurred. The elder Mrs. ████████ had gorged herself with nearly 10 kg of bread before her stomach burst and she died of internal bleeding. The younger Mr. ████████ died of severe blood loss after attempting [REDACTED] with me. The sole survivor was the elder Mr. ████████ who was suffering from severe malnutrition. He stated that he had inserted some bread a week prior and was still waiting for the toast to pop out.
I was confiscated by the Foundation after police noted my unusual properties. A Class C amnestic was administered to the affected officers.
Experiment Log 426-1:
Item #: SCP-428
Object Class: Euclid
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-428 is to be contained in a five (5) meter x five (5) meter x five (5) meter cell. The containment walls are to be electrified with 30,000 volts. Entrance to the cell is via a corridor airlock and access to SCP-428 is restricted to Level-3 researchers and below, while escorted by two armed guards. Personnel are to keep two (2) meters minimum away from SCP-428 at all times. When not under research, two armed guards are to be on duty at all times.
Due to SCP-428's effects, all D-class personnel are to be screened for low IQs and skills that are deemed non-threatening to Foundation security or potential escape attempts (See Addendum 428-A). A single D-Class personnel due for termination is to be offered once per month to keep SCP-428 satisfied, however this will result in the need for an increase in containment space or for a solution to keep SCP-428 neutralised in the future.
Description: SCP-428 is, in appearance, a crowd of huddled human beings. As of 20/12/██ it consists of fourteen (14) people. While huddled in a circle, SCP-428 is to be considered in a ‘dormant’ state. In this state, the crowd moves with a gentle sway and can be heard audibly mumbling. Upon further inspection, the biological internals (organs, bones, muscles and fluids, leaving only the skin) have been removed from each individual and replaced with an unidentified material that attaches to a central amorphous mass in the middle of the crowd via lengths of flesh similar to umbilical cords.
The crowd will not move away from this mass unless a person comes within two (2) meters of the central mass. At this point, the crowd will move into its ‘hostile’ state. The ‘people’ of SCP-428 closest to the person will attempt to grab and pull them into the middle of the crowd. After contact is made for more than ten (10) seconds, the person will become a new member of SCP-428. Their internal structures will be removed and replaced with the same material as the other members. Should the potential victim escape, SCP-428 will actively seek them, or another potential victim, out. It will attempt to absorb any and all human life within its immediate vicinity. When all human life has been absorbed and they have become members of the crowd, it will return to its ‘dormant’ state.
If SCP-428 does not absorb a human being after a maximum of one (1) month, it will again actively seek them out. It will do this using a variety of different methods. This includes using acquired skills previously known by people it has absorbed. It will also use psychological tactics to lure people into its grasping distance. See Addendum-428-A
Item #: SCP-430
Object Class: Euclid
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-430 is to be kept in a humanoid containment cell on Site-17, placed on a wooden pallet or equivalent loose support at least 20cm above ground to prevent rusting. The cell containing SCP-430 is to be fitted with an adjustable table, a sand basin, a controllable two-position hook-conveyor system, and a master-slave control system as specified in Document 430-Gamma - construction details.
One cell adjacent to SCP-430 is to house a live D-Class subject, designated SCP-430-C, whose suitability was ensured by enacting Protocol Prometheus-11 prior to their internment. SCP-430-C is to be treated in accordance with Foundation Humanoid Containment Guidelines section NP-1. Suitable SCP-430-C candidates are nonviolent, introverted, and capable of carrying out simple tasks without supervision, with claustrophobia being a disqualifying factor.
Other cells adjacent to SCP-430 containment are to be designated long-term low-value item storage (see Site-17 floor plan section IJ-23). The set of cells adjacent to SCP-430 is designated SCP-430-3.
While SCP-430 contains a living subject, designated SCP-430-2, such SCP-430-2 is to be treated in accordance with Foundation Humanoid Containment Guidelines, section NP-5, except as following.
In the case of SCP-430-2 expiring, as represented by the lack of signal from SCP-430-2 heart rate monitor coupled with visual confirmation, no personnel is to enter SCP-430-3 until visual feed confirms the presence of former SCP-430-C inside SCP-430; subsequently, the remains of previous SCP-430-2 are to be removed from SCP-430, and the new SCP-430-2 briefed.
Protocol Prometheus-11: Prior to being classified SCP-430-C, chosen D-class personnel is to sign a printed copy of the following document.
Note: Following Incident 430-1, personnel are to ensure SCP-430-C has signed the document with their own name. - Researcher Eisenberg
I hereby of my own will declare that I reject the divine mandate of our monarch,
holding them to no more esteem than the lowest of peasants,
for all men were born equal, and that I support and urge my countrymen to rise against feudal tyranny and
fight for freedom, brotherhood and equality.
Undersigned.
Description: SCP-430 is a cylindrical gibbet approximately 3m tall and 0.7m in diameter, weighing ca. 800kg, composed of an unknown material - SCP-430 resists attempts to obtain bulk material samples, and attempts at indentation testing resulted in hardness values inconsistent with other properties1. Samples of surface corrosion are obtainable, and are chemically identical to hydrated ferrous oxide. On the lower rim, the numerals "1772" and name "Hans Drechsler" are carved.
While SCP-430 is occupied by a living individual (designated SCP-430-2), it persists in a passive state. SCP-430-2 can interact with their environment outside SCP-430, subject to the imposed physical constraints. Even if feasible for their size and dexterity, SCP-430-2 will deny having the ability to exit SCP-430. If forced to exit, SCP-430-2 shows signs of mental distress, and reappears within SCP-430 within three hours of removal. SCP-430-2 shows no other anomalous properties or traits.
Individuals within direct sight range of SCP-430 form false memories consisting of alleged reason for SCP-430-2's presence within SCP-430, in the form of a transgression SCP-430-2 has committed. The memories are consistent among test subjects.
When SCP-430-2 expires, SCP-430 enters active state. During active state, SCP-430 attempts to locate a suitable individual in its vicinity, with a radius of effect expanding by ca. 10m/hour, with unknown upper limit.2 A suitable individual, defined as one who has transgressed against laws and regulations of the Royal City of ████████ City Council, valid during the period of 1766-1780, and who is within the effective range, will be instantaneously transported into SCP-430 through an unknown mechanism, becoming the next SCP-430-2.
SCP-430 appears to show strong preference for individuals who have committed crimes against church or feudal authority, such as blasphemy, treason, lèse majesté3 and poaching.
Recovery Log: SCP-430 was recovered from [REDACTED], Western Germany, following a police raid on a compound owned by members of "Die Söhne von Magdalena" (Sons of Magdalene)(see Addendum 430-1), as a result of witness reports detailing Hans ██████, a member of the task force, appearing inside SCP-430 after attempting to aid its previous occupant, who was wounded in the firefight and subsequently expired. A modified report detailing his death during the operation was published, and members of the task force were administered Class-A amnestics.
Addendum 430-1: Sons of Magdalene
A fringe christian sect led by a Johann ████, members of Sons of Magdalene venerated SCP-430 as a living manifestation of God's judgement, and considered SCP-430-2 holy martyrs, usually providing them with drinking water, honey and insects, as a reflection of the fasting of Saint John the Baptist. In its original location, SCP-430 hung from the roof, behind the altar of the compound's church, with a sheet of worked sheepskin with the following inscription4 covering its lower half.
For Mary Magdalene was sinful, but she knew of her sin, and repented in the face of our Lord, and was thus blessed
And the scribes and Pharisees who brought her forth and willed to stone her knew of her sin
But they were sinful and did not know of their own sin, and thus were damned
And Lord Jesus said to them, He that is without sin among you, let him first cast a stone at her,
And blessed were the men and women for they learned of their sin, for they have walked the path of salvation.
Addendum 430-2:
Item #: SCP-435
Object Class: Keter
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-435-1 is to be kept in a secure warehousing facility that constantly provides SCP-435-1 a minimum of 1000 lux illumination. Illumination must be provided by redundant lamps operating from at least three parallel and independent power supplies providing generator and battery backups. Tests for integrity of the lighting system shall be conducted on a daily basis. In addition, two mobile units capable of transporting SCP-435-1 shall remain on standby in the event of Contingency 435-XK-Alpha. No other special protective procedures are required to examine or test SCP-435-1, but research may only be conducted on SCP-435-1 with written O5 approval.
At ground level, a secure perimeter is to be kept for 50 km around SCP-435-2. A no-fly zone of 125 km is to be maintained in the airspace surrounding SCP-435-2. At least two Foundation aircraft and one mobile ground station are to monitor the size and position of SCP-435-2 at all times. Should monitoring detect any growth of SCP-435-2, or any motion of SCP-435-2 relative to SCP-435-1 for a period in excess of 90 seconds, observation teams are to initiate Contingency 435-XK-Alpha. No personnel are to approach within 100 meters of SCP-435-2, and Foundation security teams are authorized to take any action to prevent such contact. No research or testing is authorized on SCP-435-2 without explicit O5 direction.
Description: SCP-435-1 is a type III iron meteorite weighing approximately ██,███ kg, showing significant weathering. Spectroscopic and chemical analysis shows a composition over 99% iron, which at normal densities can only account for ██% of the measured weight. Age is indeterminate, but analysis of weathering suggests it has been exposed to atmosphere for at least ██,███ years.
SCP-435-2 is an irregularly shaped object that currently has approximate dimensions of 15 m x 12 m x 48 m. SCP-435-2 appears somewhat blurred in the visible spectrum, but computer-enhanced imagery in various spectra has shown a complex structure showing a three-fold symmetry along the longitudinal axis. Extending from the axis are long tube-like structures that share characteristics both with biological organisms (in particular, cephalopods of the order Teuthida) and with mathematical models of higher-order fractals. These structures show undulating movements even when SCP-435-2 is stationary. SCP-435-2 does not appear to have mass or inertia, and appears only to be visible due to refraction of light passing through it, and because of [DATA EXPUNGED] resulting in Cherenkov radiation of varying intensity. Any physical object with mass that comes in contact with SCP-435-2 will suffer an instantaneous change in velocity and direction away from SCP-435-2 without any loss in energy. This is apparently caused by being reflected through a higher-order spatial dimension. If the affected mass is in a solid phase, this reflection will cause a change in topology that can result in either an inversion (turning inside out), a reflection (mirroring of all or part of physical structure), or a [DATA EXPUNGED] and high levels of gamma radiation.
Because of these characteristics, it is currently impossible to directly affect SCP-435-2 with any means currently at the Foundation’s disposal. However, it can be moved indirectly by moving SCP-435-1. SCP-435-2 maintains a fixed position relative to SCP-435-1 as long as SCP-435-1 is sufficiently illuminated. (SCP-435-2’s current position is ███ km northwest of SCP 435-1 on a vector ██° above the horizon; about ████ m above sea-level.) Movements of SCP-435-1 have caused SCP-435-2 to move a proportional amount, maintaining a fixed distance and bearing.
If SCP-435-1 ceases to be sufficiently illuminated for a period of time exceeding 8.3 µs, the behavior of SCP-435-2 will change. SCP-435-2 will enter an active state and begin random erratic movements orbiting the location of SCP-435-1. Average distance from SCP-435-1 will increase, and the apparent volume of SCP-435-2 will also increase. The rate of increase in both distance and size appears to undergo a geometric progression over time, and neither has been observed to decrease. This behavior will cease once SCP-435-1 is again sufficiently illuminated, at which point SCP-435-2 will cease motion at whatever location it is at that moment, and remain there fixed in relation to SCP-435-1. The threshold for this effect currently appears to be between 500 and 650 lux, and it appears that this threshold may increase by approximately ██% whenever SCP-435-2 enters an active state.
Because of SCP-435-2’s interaction with normal matter, an active state is considered extremely dangerous. Passing through large volumes of air at speeds in excess of 500 m/s dramatically increases levels of radiation, and if SCP-435-2 intersects water or any land mass [DATA EXPUNGED]. Any active state lasting longer than 90 seconds constitutes a potential XK-class end-of-the-world scenario and requires the initiation of Contingency 435-XK-Alpha.
Addendum 1: Recovery Notes SCP-435
[REDACTED] SCP-435-2 in active state [REDACTED] March 195█
SCP-435-1 was recovered in 195█ at ██████ █████, ████████ ███████. While surveying sites for testing a ████████ ████, the US Army Corps of Engineers were directed to evacuate the native population from █████, a small island 85 km from the proposed test site. They met heavy resistance from the local population. After evacuating the island by force, they discovered SCP-435-1 in a clearing surrounded by several dozen burning torches. At this time SCP-435-2 was not in an observable location, and the US authorities had no indication of any anomalies. A survey crew was left behind, and according to subsequent interviews, when half the torches burned out [DATA EXPUNGED] as a result of SCP-435-2 moving through [DATA EXPUNGED] before illumination restored to SCP-435-1. Foundation then took custody of SCP-435 and the US government provided a cover story code name ██████ █████, explaining that [REDACTED] was the result of a [REDACTED] having a higher yield than expected.
Addendum 2: Interview with one of the Village Elders evacuated from █████ by US Army Corps of Engineers in February 195█.
Interviewed: ████████, Male 75 years of age, former resident of █████, ████████ ███████, recovery site for SCP-435-1
Interviewer: Dr. Richards
Foreword: Interview is part of background research on the history of SCP-435 prior to Foundation custody.
<Begin Log, 1/12/196█ 1430>
Item #: SCP-439
Object Class: Euclid
Special Containment Procedures: Specimen is to be kept at Armed Research Site-45, Hazardous Lifeforms Wing, in a sealed, locked 38 L (10 gal) Type-G containment unit with connected oxygen supply. Specimen is to be fed through Feeding Tube 16a with Approved Nutritive Substance X-F. Handling is available to Level 2 personnel and higher.
Description: SCP-439 is an insect of unknown origin, somewhat resembling a greyish, semitranslucent Forficula auricularia (common earwig), approximately 2.5 cm in length. Originally located/obtained in mainland China in the ████ ████ province. No other specimen has been found, as of yet.
SCP-439 is relatively harmless when encountered on safe terms, aside from the ability to deliver a firm, painful pinch with its abdominal forceps. The true hazard this creature poses lies in its habitat construction and reproduction, which is initiated when the specimen enters the mouth of a sleeping human. This will only occur with humans; other lifeforms have been presented to SCP-439 and have been uniformly rejected. Upon location of a suitable host, the specimen will hide itself in the immediate vicinity and wait until the victim has fallen asleep. How it is able to determine the state of sleep is unknown, but it has shown to be accurate in [DATA EXPUNGED] times out of [DATA EXPUNGED]. Upon entering the mouth of the new host, SCP-439 will travel down the trachea and take up residence in one of the victim's lungs.
In approximately 4-8 hours, after awakening, the host will complain of chest pains and shortness of breath, followed shortly by abdominal cramping. The tightness in the chest will increase as well as a fever until the host is incapacitated. It is around this time that the onset of Fibrodysplasia Ossificans Progressiva (FOP) occurs, a disorder that is normally genetic in nature that promotes growth of bone into muscle tissue. Since the production of new bone growth is so rapid, the procedure is also quite painful for the subject, with new bone spurs occasionally protruding through the flesh. While this is happening, the host will become compelled to seek shelter in a darkened, enclosed space, such as inside household cabinetry, closets, or heating ductwork.
Within the first three days without treatment, the host will become completely withdrawn and immobile due to the extreme pain of new bone growth coupled with difficulty breathing. At this point, the subject's body will begin the final stage of transformation into a "bone hive": having concealed itself in its new home, the body of the host will huddle in a foetal position. Entire portions of the skeletal structure will shift along [DATA EXPUNGED] until the host body is roughly spherical in nature and reduced to 3/4 its original size. New bone protrusions will continue to grow and, if possible, anchor the body permanently to its new location. The skeletal structure is almost completely unrecognizable, having been converted to a round "cage" to protect the internal organs and colony.
At this point, transformation is complete. The original Queen that entered the host will have produced 20-30,000 offspring that function as workers, drones and warriors in a typical insect hive hierarchy. Since only the Queen is capable of reproduction, the rest of the hive's inhabitants are, fortunately, harmless save for large, strong abdominal forceps of the warriors. The interior of the original host is nearly unrecognizable as a human body: certain organs are removed and used as food, while others are modified by the worker insects to serve as egg incubation chambers. An ingenious method exists of using the host’s own digestive system to process pieces of organic materials collected by the warriors into a nutritive slurry that feeds both the colony and sustains the host hive structure.
After 4-6 months, a new Queen will emerge from within the ranks and choose a drone to mate with. At this point, the colony will destroy itself by rupturing [DATA EXPUNGED], upon which the majority of the insects die. Workers and drones are unfit to survive outside the host hive, and warriors will abandon the site, wandering away, their tasks complete. No food will be consumed by warriors that isn't nutritive slurry produced by the hive of origin. The new Queen will venture out, fertilized, to search for her own new hive. Incredibly, the trauma of evacuation is not what finally causes biological activity to cease in the hive, but starvation.
Addendum: In a particularly disturbing development, Dr. ██████ performed a range of experiments to determine the extent of damage to the host body after it has finished the transformation into a hive. While it had been previously discovered in autopsy that portions of the brain are hollowed out to serve as food, others are left intact, presumably to regulate what bodily functions continue. During the last round of experimentation, ██████ took the opportunity to examine a hive at close range shortly after transformation. While the eyes are eventually reached and used as a food source, at the point ██████ performed her examination, they were still intact. Opening the eyelids, and examining them with a flashlight, ██████ discovered that the host's eyes followed the beam. Experimentation was terminated and no further testing is scheduled.
« SCP-438 | SCP-439 | SCP-440 »
Item #: SCP-440
Object Class: Euclid
Special Containment Procedures: As of 6/19/████, the majority of SCP-440 in existence is located in Site-██'s Large-Scale Wilderness Observation Dome (LSWOD). Standard LSWOD security protocols apply, and all observers and items placed inside the Dome are to be completely sanitized of SCP-440. The bottle in which SCP-440 was first discovered (hereafter referred to as SCP-440-Prime), is currently located in a security cabinet on Site-██.
Description: SCP-440 is a sample of fine-grain sand (sand grain of approximately 90 micrometers) that is chemically identical to typical silica-based sand. Its only difference is that it functions as if it were in a microgravity environment, regardless of the gravitational forces acting upon it. SCP-440 was found in a small glass bottle with no label on it, filled with a viscous fluid that, presumably, weighs down SCP-440 and prevents the grains from touching.
SCP-440 is capable of giving this property to other samples of sand, essentially transforming it into SCP-440 itself1. The process governing this conversion is believed to be based on contact, requiring SCP-440 to be introduced into a sample of unconverted sand via compressed air. The rate of conversion from basic sand to SCP-440 is also unknown, but it is understood that approximately 30% (by mass) of 'seed sand' does not convert.
When SCP-440 reaches specific levels of concentration within an environment, an SCP-440 based ecosystem forms. Because all SCP-440-based objects (environmental and sapient) are in constant gravitational freefall, there is less evolutionary pressure on gravity-defying traits.
Experiment Log
Item #: SCP-441
Object Class: Euclid
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-441 is currently housed in a designated outdoor pasture at Bio-Research Area 32. The 100 m2 field is surrounded on all sides and bisected into two rectangular halves by a concrete wall 1 m high.
Once a month, a team of six D-class personnel is to lead SCP-441 from whichever half of the pasture it is currently residing in through the gate in the dividing wall into the other half of the pasture. The previously occupied section of the field is then to be thoroughly cleaned. The field must be carefully examined for any instances of SCP-441-1, which are to be dug out at the root and incinerated. Fresh sod must be sown in places where SCP-441 has grazed or where SCP-441-1 has been removed.
All personnel dealing with SCP-441 are to remain in proximity of less than twenty meters for no longer than thirty (30) minutes. Any personnel showing any health problems whatsoever after contact with SCP-441 are to be examined by medical staff and reassigned.
Description: SCP-441 is an adult male Jacob Ram. Prolonged proximity to SCP-441 leads to a depressed immune system in humans. After approximately thirty minutes of exposure, D-class test subjects showed markedly decreased white blood cell counts. After an exposure of an hour or more, subjects display symptoms of severe immune deficiency. After ninety minutes or more, the immune systems of subjects generally do not recover, and death results from massive infection.
Laboratory analysis of a tissue sample retrieved from SCP-441 revealed a clear viscous mixture of interstitial fluids and blood not unlike arthropod hemolymph. Cell structure is identical to mammalian cells but lacks a nucleus or apparent genetic material. It should be noted that SCP-441 now reacts with aggression towards any personnel wearing a standard issue Foundation lab-coat.
Patches of ground where SCP-441 has grazed begin to exhibit growth of SCP-441-1 after several days. SCP-441-1 resembles common pasture grasses (Poa, Festuca, and Lolium spp.), but exhibits black pigmentation. SCP-441-1 tends not to grow beyond small patches, but appears to have a slightly higher growth rate in the shadowy areas around the concrete containment wall.
Similarly to the tissue sample of SCP-441, analysis of SCP-441-1 has revealed a cellulose-walled cell structure identical to terrestrial plants but lacking in a nucleus or genetic material.
SCP-441 shows little interest in humans, but will make eye contact with any staff members entering its vicinity. Following a routine monthly cleaning, SCP-441 showed a marked and stubborn interest in D-1570, a schizophrenic. On duty staff recognized this change in behavior and convinced D-1570 to participate in experiment 441-1 (see below).
Experiment Log 441-1:
Item #: SCP-445
Object Class: Safe
Special Containment Procedures: Access to and testing of SCP-445 must be approved by staff with level 2 security clearance or higher, and each request must include a list of tests to be carried out. Any testing must be done with the accompaniment of no less than two guards for the entirety of testing. Any deviation from the preapproved list of tests will result in immediate termination of testing and a severe reprimand.
Addendum: As of 06/██/20██, SCP-445 is to be kept permanently separated from all samples of SCP-445-α, as described in isolation protocol IP-445-01. The access and testing regulations given above for SCP-445 apply equally to SCP-445-α. For more details, see Document 445-01.
Description: SCP-445 consists of three stacks of white 11" x 17" paper. Each individual leaf has the text "Dr. Wondertainment's Super Paper!" stamped on the bottom-left corner. While in its natural state, SCP-445 cannot be torn or burned, water has no adverse effect on it, and glue or tape will not stick to SCP-445. Observation of SCP-445 has found that its fibers are much denser than normal paper fibers at 3000 kg/m3, and a micro-layer of an unidentifiable substance is coated on each individual fiber.
When SCP-445 is folded into a representation of an object, SCP-445 takes on the qualities of the object in question. While in its folded state, SCP-445 can only be unfolded into its original state by the person who originally folded it. SCP-445 can also be rolled, and it will stick to itself if slight pressure is applied. Drawing on SCP-445 does not produce any unusual effect, with the exception of any details illustrated for folded/rolled objects.
A variant of SCP-445, designated SCP-445-α, was created on 06/██/20██ via exposure of SCP-445 samples to SCP-073. Physically, SCP-445-α is almost identical to SCP-445, the only difference being a slight reddish tint to SCP-445-α. However, SCP-445-α behaves differently to SCP-445 when folded (see Document 445-01 for details).
Addendum: 10/15: Dr. █████ Testing Log:
Folded Into: A paper tube - When observed through one of the open ends, SCP-445 acted as a hand-held telescope, enhancing the view of objects within a 25 ft. distance.
Folded Into: A Christmas tree - Remained stable when stood upright. When green and red lights were drawn onto the tree, they lit up despite the lack of a physical light source.
Folded Into: A small knife - Became very sturdy and sharp, giving several researchers paper cuts when attempting to hold it. Able to hold its own against actual metal weaponry.
Folded Into: A conical paper tube - Acted as a megaphone, though amplified only the folder's voice. When a volume control was drawn onto the side, the folder was able to change the volume of the megaphone.
Folded Into: A paper cup - Became very rigid. Able to hold extremely hot or volatile liquids without any sign of tearing or melting.
Folded Into: A paper crane - Became animate, much like SCP-368, though much slower and easily catchable. Recommend research into a possible connection between the two.
Folded Into: A paper boat/hat - When placed in water, became self-propelling at speeds of up to 60 km/h. When inverted and placed on head, subject's physical attractiveness was greatly increased in the eyes of viewers. When both were performed simultaneously, both effects were achieved, with subject reported as looking 'dead sexy' while scooting around the water upside-down.
Folded Into: A crumpled wad of paper - [DATA EXPUNGED] leaving three D-class personnel dead. Testing session ended.
Folded Into: Origami copy of SCP-682 - Animated halfway through folding process, causing Dr. G considerable injury. Testing session ended.
Notes: Let's not try that again. - Dr. G
Addendum: 06/██/20██: Dr. S████ has requested permission to test samples of SCP-445 in conjunction with SCP-085. He has also requested permission to expose samples of SCP-445 to SCP-073, to determine whether SCP-073's ability to destroy ordinary paper by touch extends to SCP-445.
Document 445-01:
Item #: SCP-446
Object Class: Safe
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-446 is to be kept locked in its case and only removed for testing. Any clothing and accessories must be removed from SCP-446 when not in use (see Incident 446-A).
Description: SCP-446 in its normal state appears to be a Caucasian female, early twenties, brown hair 17.78 cm at its longest point, unusually bright blue eyes, light skin with a tattoo of the Marshall, Carter and Dark logo on its lower back, 1.75 m tall and weighing 52.16 kg. SCP-446 is anatomically correct, at least on the outside. All physical characteristics are consistent with a living human, including skin tone and texture, eye color and clarity of the sclera, even body heat. SCP-446 does not respond to any communication, however, and also does not breathe or exhibit a pulse.
SCP-446 is normally stored lying on its back inside a long aluminum box with a hinged lid. SCP-446 and its storage box were discovered in [REDACTED] by Agents ███████ and █████. The storage box itself is unremarkable, aside from a plain white label listing SCP-446's clothing sizes. When the agents attempted to lift SCP-446 by the shoulders into a sitting position, SCP-446 responded to their touch by sitting upright on its own. A gentle push on its shoulders from the front encouraged it to lie back down. Further coaxing can compel SCP-446 to stand up on its own, and it will remain standing until downward pressure is applied to the top of its head, encouraging SCP-446 to sit again. SCP-446 generally does not move without prompting of some kind, although its eyes will follow the nearest person and it will make eye contact if possible.
Moving and posing of SCP-446's limbs is also possible; once moved into position they will hold the established pose indefinitely. This works even in cases where delicate balancing would be required for a person, such as standing on one foot or even one hand. Attempts to push SCP-446 over have exactly the expected effect; it makes no attempt to preserve its balance and simply falls over.
A medical examination of SCP-446 revealed additional information. See Document 446-1-A for details.
Incident 446-1
Item #: SCP-452
Object Class: Euclid
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-452 specimens are contained in a 5m by 5m isolation chamber at Site ██. Specimens should be fed live insects (preferably crickets or meal worms, but other harmless insects are viable) at least once a week, and regular observation should be maintained to ensure the health of the specimens. Personnel tasked with maintenance of SCP-452 should wear sealed suits at all times while inside SCP-452's containment.
Experimentation on SCP-452 may be performed with permission from at least one (1) level 4 personnel, provided all safety requirements and regulations are observed. Specimens taken out of primary containment should be kept inside the specially prepared portable terrariums designated for safe use with SCP-452. Exposure of personnel to the effects of SCP-452 should only be performed in isolation chambers for easy recovery of SCP-452 specimens after exposure.
Description: SCP-452 is a colony of Latrodectus hesperus (Western American black widow) physically indistinguishable from normal spiders of its kind. SCP-452 has a preference to spin webs near areas where humans sleep, and when allowed to freely roam, will attempt to relocate if no humans sleep near its web for extended periods of over a week.
When a sleeping human subject within 5 meters of a SCP-452 web enters rapid eye movement (REM) sleep, SCP-452 suppresses the subject's ability to dream, even in subjects with chronic dreams and/or nightmares. Subjects, upon waking, generally report having had restful sleep, though several subjects have also reported feeling "unusual, like [they are] missing something".
Furthermore, if a specimen used in this manner bites any human within approximately one week from the initial event, the bitten subject will suffer vivid hallucinations in addition to the normal effects of spider venom.
SCP-452 was recovered from [REDACTED] following intercepted hospital reports of anomalous visions experienced by spider bite victims, after which a Foundation containment team was dispatched.
Experiment Log 452-1:
Item #: SCP-453
Object Class: Euclid
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-453 is to be staffed by no fewer than: four (4) bartenders, six (6) bouncers, four (4) cleaners, one (1) doctor, four (4) EMTs, and two (2) observation personnel, all trained Foundation staff, at all times. Additionally, ten (10) or more Foundation security staff are to be kept on standby in the adjacent outbuilding 453-01, connected to SCP-453 by basement access. All staff are required to familiarise themselves with Document 453-1, Complete List of Known Scripts and memorise all Scripts that have been flagged by the current on-site supervisor (Dr. Moriglioni). Failure to memorise flagged Scripts is grounds for immediate discharge from SCP-453 duty, and will result in a formal demerit on the offending personnel's record.
SCP-453 is to be locked and guarded between the hours of 0400 and 2000, local time; from 2000-0400 it is to be unlocked and open. Anyone entering the club during operating hours will have a radio tracking tag clipped to his or her clothing, and will remain monitored closely by closed-circuit cameras at all times.
During the day, SCP-453 is to be inspected and measured in all dimensions by staff. Any movement of fixed objects in the building are to be recorded and reported to head researcher Dr. Moriglioni. Fire prevention and violence suppression protocols are to be kept in accordance with Standing Order 405-991 section T; should movement of fixed internal structures violate this protocol, renovation crews are to be recruited to the site immediately for restructuring.
Description: SCP-453 is a nightclub located in ██████████████, Italy, currently owned and operated entirely by Foundation personnel. Every night, an apparently random assortment of civilians from ██████████████ and adjoining municipalities arrive at the club; although the night invariably begins identically to any other club, over the course of the night the civilians present fall into "roles" in one of ███ currently documented sequences of events (termed "Scripts" by Foundation operatives working on SCP-453). Over the course of the evening, generally according to Script, civilians will depart the club and return home, maintaining only partial memories of the night. All surviving civilians depart before 0400 every night.
SCP-453 has existed in its current location for as long as Foundation records exist. Archaeological evidence suggests a wealthy Roman senator, known for extravagant nightly parties, had a villa in the location as early as ██ B.C.E.; the Foundation has had possession of the site since 1███. On several occasions the building has been torn down or destroyed; outdoor parties continued to persist nightly at the site. When the site itself is rendered inaccessible, civilian partygoers will gather as near as possible to the site and begin an impromptu street party; this party rapidly devolves into a riot (see Document 453-1, Complete List of Known Scripts, attached).
The club in its current configuration was designed and built entirely according to Foundation specifications. All core construction materials are SCP containment grade, to limit damage due to the more violent Scripts. Dr. Moriglioni has observed that the building has shown some self-mutational ability. Of particular note has been the gradual shift of the location of the secure locker containing suppression weaponry for staff use: it has moved closer and closer to the men's washroom. At this time it remains in the secure staff section. Other sections of the building have slowly moved and changed in similar ways.
A complete log of known Scripts is attached as Document 453-1. The 'selection' of a Script appears to be semi-random, although various stimuli will encourage particular Scripts to occur (for example, Script 117 "The Silver Harlequins" has only been observed when more than 15 club attendees are over the age of 60). Please note that while Script logs detail "pertinent events", all events in the club aside from staff actions become Scripted at around 2100 hrs (varies depending on Script). Participants begin speaking in Latin while engaged in Script, although music, dance styles, alcohol, et cetera remain "modern". Complete logs of all recorded actions, lines, and requests for each Script are available on request from Dr. Moriglioni. In its current configuration, SCP-453 has shown preference for three (3) Scripts in particular; these three account for roughly 80% of the Scripts seen, and represent a good cross-section of the general types of Scripts SCP-453 is capable of. These Scripts follow, listed in order of frequency:
Low priority, low fatality; staff medical intervention required at 2307 hrs for 43-male-C, and recommended for 43-males-A and -B. Medical treatment of 43-wife at 2319 hrs is also recommended, but is conditional on consent from 43-wife as she will have left the script at this point.
Pertinent Events:
Item #: SCP-455
Object Class: Euclid
Special Containment Procedures: Object SCP-455 cannot be moved nor contained in any structure. Containment must be made on site. No exploration or testing is to be made on or in SCP-455. No personnel are to remain in close proximity for more than five minutes. All physical contact with SCP-455 is forbidden; any personnel breaking this order are to be quarantined.
Any hallucinations experienced near SCP-455 are to be recorded and logged. Any personnel experiencing hallucinations are to be transferred. Any personnel attempting to enter SCP-455 are to be restrained by any means deemed necessary.
Description: SCP-455 is a large cargo ship currently run aground on the southern coast of Chile. Most of its structure is underwater and badly damaged, with rust coating 85 to 90 percent of all surfaces. Internal structure appears to be significantly larger than external dimensions, and is not flooded despite large holes visible on outer hull.
Internal structure appears to be a random assembly of rooms, halls, and structures. Initial salvage teams reported rooms made of human teeth, an engine with tendon strips for timing belts, a hall extending for 182.88 m (600 ft) beyond where the outer hull should terminate, an open "gym" room with steel walls as pliant as taffy, and numerous audio and visual hallucinations. Team was lost after reporting entry to "central navigation." Rescue team lost after reporting the investigation of "screaming" in a cargo section.
Dr. ███████████████ has suggested the use of robots to map the interior of SCP-455 after the failure of several manned exploration teams.
Experiment Log 455 details the attempts to explore SCP-455 and information established despite their failures overall.
Exploration Log Record 455 3 - Record of last major exploration attempt by MTF Zeta-9.
« SCP-454 | SCP-455 | SCP-456 »
Item #: SCP-456
Object Class: Safe
Special Containment Procedures: The SCP-456 colony is to be kept in a sealed containment room. Personnel entering the containment area should wear Level 1 biohazard suits to avoid being bitten by SCP-456, and the suits must be treated with insecticide upon leaving the enclosure. When not being used in experiments, SCP-456 must be fed 70 ml of human or animal blood per 100 insects, weekly.
Description: SCP-456 is a variety of the common bedbug (Cimex lectularius). In addition to an anticoagulant, SCP-456 injects [DATA EXPUNGED] when biting its host, causing the brain to produce adenosine, endorphins, and a narcotic identified as an analogue of fentanyl. As a result, victims of SCP-456 infestations experience increasing euphoria and somnolence as the number of insects increases, eventually sleeping 24 hours/day.
SCP-456 was identified after a number of individuals were found dead in their homes, suffering from varying degrees of malnutrition, blood loss, and narcotics toxicity. SCP-456 continues to be a problem in the wild. To reduce the number of infestations, the CDC has issued a false report that bedbugs carry malaria and must be exterminated when found.
Addendum: Four D-Class were requisitioned for exposure to SCP-456, to determine long-term effects.
Experiment 456-1: D-17514 exposed to SCP-456 and fed standard rations, but given no other special treatment. After 17 days of exposure, D-17514 slept constantly and was unable to care for himself. Subject expired from malnutrition █ days later.
Experiment 456-2: D-17515 exposed to SCP-456 and fed intravenously when unable to care for herself. Subject expired from blood loss after ██ days.
Experiment 456-3: D-17516 exposed to SCP-456, fed intravenously, and given periodic blood transfusions as needed. Subject expired from narcotic overdose after ██ days.
Experiment 456-4: D-17517 exposed to SCP-456, fed intravenously, and given periodic blood transfusions in addition to small doses of a narcotic antagonist. Subject survived for ███ days, and was supporting a colony of ██████ insects at conclusion of experiment. D-17517 remanded for amnestic treatment and reassignment on █/██/20██.
Addendum: Mobile Task Force Iota-10 ("Damn Feds") is investigating a report that a drug cartel located in ██████████, Mexico, is kidnapping members of the public, breeding SCP-456, and extracting the narcotics produced by the victims under the cover of DEA operatives. Anyone found to be using SCP-456 in this manner is to be terminated.
« SCP-455 | SCP-456 | SCP-457 »
Item #: SCP-457
Object Class: Euclid/Potential Keter
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-457 is to be kept in a 5m x 5m chamber with no less than 22.9cm (9in) of cumulative fireproofing via various materials (asbestos cement, perlite boards) upon all surfaces and a blast-proof observation window with emergency blast shielding installed. The opening to the chamber must consist of at least two temperature-controlled and airtight chambers that may be sealed in case of emergency. SCP-457's chamber should be kept at high humidity with a drainage system installed in the floor, as well as a misting sprinkler system installed and running constantly, and emergency hoses capable of at least 2.1 MPa (300 psi) of water pressure. SCP-457 is allowed a small structure upon the wall of its chamber that remains water-free, but only allows for minimal protection and preservation of form.
All personnel entering SCP-457's chamber should be wearing at least Class-A temperature-controlled, flame-retardant sealed suits, and enter in groups of three, with two members equipped with high-grade blast shields and emergency fire extinguishers. Personnel should only enter SCP-457's chamber in order to supply SCP-457 with its daily allotment of fuel material, or to examine and repair any damage to the chamber or sprinkler systems.
Should SCP-457 engage personnel in a hostile manner, it is to be controlled via emergency extinguishers and hoses until it retreats back to its safe chamber.
In the event that SCP-457 breaks containment, emergency sprinkler systems will be triggered and personnel will be supplied with extinguishers and blast shielding.
Description: For all points and purposes, SCP-457 appears to be a sentient being composed of flame. SCP-457's actual composition is unknown, and has proven to be invisible and undetectable by any known means, but is shaped out by the flames it produces, often assuming a human-like form if given sufficient fuel to assume that size. SCP-457's most rudimentary form appears to be that of a single flame, comparable in size to that of a matchstick. In this form, SCP-457 possesses only the simplest of directives and shows no signs of being unusual compared to any other flame beyond a penchant for suddenly flickering to burn human hands, and the ability to 'jump' to more flammable materials or other flames, which it then assimilates into its total form.
As SCP-457 grows larger, it is able to assume more complex shapes, and its intelligence grows with size and fuel sources. SCP-457's method of intelligence is unknown, but upon reaching an approximately human size, SCP-457 almost always assumes a human-like form surrounded by and composed of flames. SCP-457 has been observed to communicate through writing letters out of its own flames, charring them onto the wall or other surfaces, and more rarely through speech, created via high-pressure, superheated air and the crackling and pops of flames. Once SCP-457 reaches an unknown threshold of size and fuel source, SCP-457 splits into two beings, and so on so forth. However, multiple beings of SCP-457 are aggressive towards each other, and will either attempt to consume or extinguish their doubles, especially if there is only a limited amount of fuel at hand.
SCP-457's behavior is largely predictable, as its goals are simply to acquire larger sources of fuel and to spread. The danger of SCP-457 comes from its ability to increase intelligence with size, and apparent ability to learn and mimic behaviors. This has lead to it purposely damaging and sabotaging sprinkler systems and, in rare circumstances, set up relatively complex traps. It has also attempted to trick or reason with personnel to be released or have access to more fuel. Due to SCP-457's unique composition, variable intelligence, and uncooperative nature, its psychology may not be accurately determined in accordance with any human analogy.
SCP-457 was recovered in ██████, █████ in the summer of 2007, after multiple wildfires were attributed to it. It is unknown where or how SCP-457 initially formed. Investigation into the potential of SCP-457 being responsible for other major fires is underway.
Addendum:
Item #: SCP-459
Object Class: Safe
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-459 is to be kept unpowered in a standard security locker. The access code is to be changed bi-weekly and known to level 3 and higher personnel. Removal for testing purposes must be requested at least one week in advance, and approved by a level 4 personnel. As of 04/15/20██, testing has been indefinitely suspended. Proposals for use should be directed to O5-level personnel.
Description: SCP-459 appears to be a standard home thermostat. The item is equipped with a small display, four buttons, and two dials on either side of the screen; the two buttons on the right side raise and lower temperature, and the other two appear to affect relative humidity in the area - However, these buttons will only work when both dials are set to the off position. The left dial (Dial 1) is marked with several standard weather conditions including "rain", "snow", and [DATA EXPUNGED]. The fourth and fifth positions' lettering has worn off, and have been marked as 4 and 5. The fourth and fifth positions have been respectively designated "T-storm" and "Hurricane". The right dial (Dial 2) has ██ different settings, all of which are unmarked. The rightmost positions on each dial are the "off" positions.
SCP-459 can, when wired to a heating and cooling system, modify weather patterns in addition to temperature and humidity. The area of effect appears to be about 1,500 square feet (about 139 m²), the same amount as a modest home. How these effects are produced is currently unknown, as site-wide heating and cooling systems show no abnormalities in the area, even if the temperature is significantly different. Recent testing may suggest SCP-459 can access resources from other planets, and possibly other dimensions.
Addendum 459-1: SCP-459 was discovered in a suburban home in ██████████, ██████, after reports from neighbors of loud noises and bright flashes at night. Authorities' first attempts to investigate resulted in [REDACTED], attracting the Foundation's attention. A group of agents with standard protection gear cut power to the house and proceeded to retrieve SCP-459 without incident, wherein all agents returned to Site-██ with the device. The bodies of [REDACTED], the occupants of the home, were recovered as well; cause of death is officially listed as a gas leak.
Test Log 459-2
Item #: SCP-460
Object Class: Euclid
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-460 is to be tracked and observed by Mobile Task Force Mu-13, while containing any serious incidents as they occur. All relevant information is to be transmitted, encrypted, and backed up at Site 19. During any major ectoplasmic event, all personnel are to evacuate a minimum of 5 miles from SCP-460’s current location.
Description: SCP-460 is a free-floating mass of cumulonimbus, with an average diameter of 3.5 km. Normally, SCP-460 takes the form of a large ring, and is unaffected by standard meteorological conditions that a cloud of its shape and size would be. The composition of the cloud itself is typical, with frozen water (H2O) making up 98.7%. However, the remaining 1.3% of the cloud consists of a highly active form of ectoplasm, which lends to SCP-460’s unique properties.
Typically, SCP-460 is dormant, floating at a speed generally relative to the current wind speed of the surrounding area. Occasionally, SCP-460 will halt its movement, usually over an area of moderate population. Once completely stationary, the ectoplasm of SCP-460 will condense and fall as a viscous rain, causing the spirits of the recently dead to manifest in a physical form as ghosts. This rain occurs as a light shower after the main downpour, with only intermittent pauses. Normally, only subjects who have died within the last year will manifest, with only the rare exception. Of note is that not only humans are capable of returning as a ghost, but also all sentient life that possesses a purpose for their manifestation.
Spirits that manifest in this have complete autonomy while SCP-460 remains stationary, and will revert back to whatever nature they possessed in life. The actual manifestation, however, varies on a case-by-case basis. Most subjects who return from a non-violent death are often passive and appear much like they did in life. Variations occur mostly among the spirits of those who suffered a violent end, with many victims of crimes such as murder and rape manifesting as ghostly avatars of justice. It should be noted that deaths caused as a result of SCP-460 would result in further manifestation.
Over time, the ectoplasm making up individual manifestations will “evaporate” and rise back up to the main body of SCP-460. This may take anywhere from several days to a few weeks, depending on the temperature and general humidity of the area. Once SCP-460 starts moving again, any remaining manifestations are instantaneously vaporized, and the cycle starts over. After becoming mobile, SCP-460 will wander for an indeterminable amount of time, with no pattern or common habits.
Discovered in ████ near Siberia, where reports of a literal “ghost town” had begun to circulate into the press at large. The number of ectoplasmic manifestations caused by the long-term stay of SCP-460 was overwhelming, and due to the violent nature of the now discontented spirits, a large military operation was required to secure the area. The surviving personnel now make up what is now Mobile Task Force Mu-13 aka “Ghostbusters”. SCP-460 was immediately classified as a Keter class SCP, with all research diverted into predicting its movements to avoid further incidents.
Addendum: Due to the outcome (or lack thereof) of Incident 460-b and 460-c, item has been reclassified as Euclid.
Observation Log 460-a
Item #: SCP-463
Object Class: Safe
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-463 is to be maintained in the small glass display case within its containment cell at Site-██. If SCP-463 must be transported from its current location, it should be transported in its display case, or some other container. At no time should any Foundation researchers come into direct physical contact with SCP-463. Following the incident of █/██/██, personnel are strongly discouraged from bringing food of any sort into SCP-463's cell.
Description: SCP-463 is a small silver spoon, approximately 17.5 cm in length, with a mass of approximately 153 g. Unless handled by a human, SCP-463 displays no abnormal behavior. Neutron imaging, MRI, and the [REDACTED] imaging system have revealed no detail to the inner structure. All analysis of SCP-463 is consequently limited to its directly observable effects.
Any individuals who pick up SCP-463 have their spines bent backwards at a 90o angle, just below the T6 Thoracic vertebra. This bending typically proves fatal, although some test subjects have survived with full lower-body paralysis. Its effect on humans is displayed regardless of whether or not the subject is wearing gloves, oven mitts, or any other such barrier; the only apparent requirement for SCP-463 to be able to 'bend' its holder is that the subject have a firm grip. Subjects who have held SCP-463 very weakly (i.e. with just the tips of the fingers) have been unaffected.
Testing has demonstrated that SCP-463 displays no unusual effects when in contact with autonomous machines, remotely controlled machines, animals, or corpses.
Addendum: It is the opinion of Dr. ████ that SCP-463 does not actually physically bend the user, but has somehow been embedded with a psychic trigger, which causes the user's back muscles to violently contract. This would explain the absence of SCP-463's effect when handled by non-humans.
Memo: See testing logs SCP-463-█, ██ and ██.
-Dr. ████
Testing Log SCP-463-█:
Item #: SCP-466
Object Class: Euclid
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-466 is locked in a 5 meter by 5 meter by 5 meter room. SCP-466 is to be fed five times a day through a one-way slot in the steel door, with low-iron meals of mass below 0.1 kg. The key to the door is accessible only to Level 3 or higher personnel.
Description: It is unknown if SCP-466 is a separate pathogen affecting a human host, or the human host itself. Current theory suggests the former. For clarity, the host individual will be referred to as SCP-466-2 and the possible infective agent as SCP-466-1.
SCP-466-2 is a [REDACTED]. SCP-466-2 exhibits anomalous vascular hypertrophy, particularly along the skin. This includes very broad arteries and veins not part of normal human anatomy. The continually-increasing mass of blood vessels is gradually displacing and eroding SCP-466-2's muscles and organs. SCP-466-2 is estimated to have approximately █ liters of blood.
The excess vessels will sometimes rearrange under the skin, which is extremely painful. If the host or hypothesized pathogen is threatened, the excess vessels will physically tear the skin and extend up to █ meters outward. These defense vessels will constrict threats until neutralized. If cut, they hemorrhage as expected, and will be replaced by more vessels from deeper inside SCP-466-2's body.
As demonstrated by the rearrangements, SCP-466-1 displays some degree of control over the mobile vessels when inside the body. This control is utilized when SCP-466-2 consumes food: if SCP-466-2 does not consume the entire meal, SCP-466-1 will use the collective strength of the mobile vessels and force-feed SCP-466-2. This is advantageous for SCP-466-1; it appears that nutrients go primarily to expansion of the mobile vessels.
Incident Date: 08/02/2014
Incident Time: 13:25
Site/Location: Research Site-45 Secured Medical Unit
Unique Identifier (Auto-fill): 466-080214
Civilians Involved (Y/N): N
Personnel Involved (Y/N): Y
SCP Involved (Y/N): Y
Details: SCP-466 and patient had begun to show abnormal behavior as extremities, excluding the head, began suffering from avascular necrosis over a 48 hour period. Afterwards, SCP-466 was observed to go into a state of acute cardiac arrest. Level-3 authorization was granted for a rapid response medical team to assist in the revival of the patient while observing the standard protocols of extrinsic biological hazards. SCP-466 and patient were pronounced dead after thirty minutes of continuous resuscitation. SCP-466 and patient were left in the containment cell for another 48 hours of observation with no activity reported.
Level-3 authorization was then given to perform an autopsy on the deceased body. Upon opening the chest cavity, it was observed by medical staff that all arteries and veins had retracted from the external limbs and were clustered around the heart. Though the body was in a normal state of expected decay, the cardiovascular system seemed to show no signs of decomposition. During the autopsy, SCP-466 and the patient became active again and killed the two closest medical staff, Doctors Girard and Sharma.
SCP-466 was observed appropriating the circulatory systems from the deceased into itself while also attempting to sever the head of the patient with a surgical bone saw. The patient's head was seen [REDACTED], which prompted Dr. Briggs to attempt a rescue of the patient from SCP-466. Dr. Briggs was subsequently killed; however, the distraction was timely enough to allow security teams to arrive on scene before the decapitation could take place. SCP-466 was eventually contained and the patient secured. Three medical and security staff were treated with minor injuries, two fractures and three lacerations. One security officer had to be surgically treated for a punctured lung and heart.
Action Items: Review procedures regarding SCP-466. Current procedures may not apply.
Interview Date: 08/04/2014
Interview Time: 06:48
Site/Location: Research Site-45
Interviewer/s: Internal Investigator Rubén Foster
Interviewee/s: Medical Director Dr. Andrea Itzkowitz
Agent Foster: All right… we are recording now. Have a seat, doctor.
Dr. Itzkowitz: How long will this take?
Agent Foster: Depends. Is this your first time in one of these?
Dr. Itzkowitz: No. There was one other time.
Agent Foster: Well, let's get started. (papers shuffling) You were… according to the case file… the one who authorized the autopsy, correct?
Dr. Itzkowitz: I did.
Agent Foster: Would you like to elaborate a bit more, doctor… for the record.
Dr. Itzkowitz: Right. Well, we were certain that it died and we waited for two days as per the protocols for expired anomalous entities in containment. I ordered the autopsy to be performed before the body decayed any further.
Agent Foster: Did you have the body scanned or order an X-ray beforehand?
Dr. Itzkowitz: We did. I said we were doing it by the book.
Agent Foster: You felt that was enough?
Dr. Itzkowitz: …
Agent Foster: Doctor? Can you please answer?
Dr. Itzkowitz: …I didn't see a need for further counter-measures. We were dealing with time constraints to perform the autopsy before the incineration deadline. So no.
Agent Foster: (scribbling) Then what happened?
Dr. Itzkowitz: It came back to life…
Agent Foster: You were present?
Dr. Itzkowitz: I was in the observation booth. I was the one that called security.
Agent Foster: Was there a reason why security wasn't on standby?
Dr. Itzkowitz: I told Doctor Sharma to take care of that. Apparently he didn't.
Agent Foster: Yes. Now Sharma is dead.
Dr. Itzkowitz: Yes.
Agent Foster: (scribbling) Tell me about Doctor Briggs during this incident. He was the only person present in the room while security was being assembled, correct?
Dr. Itzkowitz: Yes.
Agent Foster: …Continue.
Dr. Itzkowitz: Sorry. I think he was trying to save the patient. The body was in fairly poor condition and was falling apart while the thing was fighting back.
Agent Foster: The patient was also alive?
Dr. Itzkowitz: Yes. Though it is just a head now, connected to that thing.
Agent Foster: So what prompted the Doctor to attempt a rescue?
Dr. Itzkowitz: I'm pretty sure there were words exchanged between them, since the lungs were still attached. I couldn't make out the voice behind the glass.
Agent Foster: Any idea about what was said?
Dr. Itzkowitz: No. But apparently it was enough to convince Briggs to risk his own life and try to stop the thing from sawing the patient off its… body, I guess.
Agent Foster: I see. (scribbling) Then what happened?
Dr. Itzkowitz: Briggs struggled with it for a few seconds. Then it… well… I'm not really sure what you call it. Rooted into him I guess?
Agent Foster: And that's when security came in?
Dr. Itzkowitz: Right, then I ran after the glass was shot out.
Agent Foster: Where is the entity and patient now?
Dr. Itzkowitz: Heavily sedated in temporary containment until we figure out what to do next. The head still seems active, however.
Agent Foster: That is… rather interesting. (scribbling) Is there anything else? Any other details you want on record?
Dr. Itzkowitz: Briggs was a good man. I regret his death. And I'm also going to ensure that his death was not in vain.
Agent Foster: Sentiments noted. Thank you, Doctor.
Dr. Itzkowitz: So what happens now?
Agent Foster: I file this case report to my superiors. If there is a follow-up, you will be notified.
Dr. Itzkowitz: Very well. We're done then?
Agent Foster: Yes.
(Dr. Itzkowitz leaves the room and closes the door.)
Agent Foster: For the record, I don't believe there was negligence involved here… the procedures were unfortunately outdated. I'll see about interviewing the patient if possible.
(click)
Interview Date: 08/04/2014
Interview Time: 14:48
Site/Location: Research Site-45
Interviewer/s: Internal Investigator Rubén Foster
Interviewee/s: Patient related to SCP-466, formerly known as SCP-466-2
Agent Foster: Alright… I have the recorder on. Open the cell please.
Security Guard: Be careful in there, sir. I'll escort you in.
Agent Foster: Alright, then- (ahem) Well… patient is, indeed, just a head. The rest of it seems to be sedated. Not much movement.
Security Guard: Man, that's fucked up.
Agent Foster: Quiet, please. Um… excuse me?
(patient looks at Agent Foster)
Agent Foster: Can you hear me?
Patient: …
Agent Foster: Right… no lungs. Blink once for yes, twice for no. All right?
Patient: (blink)
Agent Foster: Good. Um… is your name [REDACTED] and you are ██ years old?
Patient: (blink)
Security Guard: (indecipherable comment)
Agent Foster: Are you in control of the… that. (Agent Foster motions to SCP-466 laying on the floor)
Patient: (blink, blink)
Agent Foster: Do you know why it wants to separate from you?
Patient: (there is a long pause followed by a single blink)
Agent Foster: Do you want to be separated?
Patient: (rapid blinking)
(security guard raises weapon at patient)
Agent Foster: Ok, ok, calm down. Ease off the trigger. No harm is done.
Patient: (expression changes to being frightened)
Agent Foster: I take it separation should not happen?
Patient: (blink, blink)
Agent Foster: The heart. You think it's evil, perhaps?
Patient: (blink)
Agent Foster: But while it's connected to you still, it can't… what exactly?
Patient: (patient mouths the word 'become')
Security Guard: Begone?
Agent Foster: No, become. Become what?
Patient: (expression becomes panicked)
Agent Foster: Whoa, hey now. What did I say?
Security Guard: Shit! It's starting to move!
(SCP-466 begins to lift itself up, dragging the patient's head across the floor and slowly stumbling towards both men)
Security Guard: Get out of the way! (gunfire) Move!

Agent Foster: Stop shooting, get out of the cell!
(alarm is triggered as both men leave and lock the cell door)
Medical Technician: Hurry, get the IV back in before it wakes up! (running footsteps) Fuck, we can't keep increasing dosage like this, it's resisting it.
Agent Foster: (panting) End of the interview.
(click)
NOTE: The following document has been authorized for immediate use. Additional details and/or procedures may follow before finalization is completed.
Item #: SCP-467
Object Class: Safe
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-467 is currently located at Site ██, and is guarded by a single security personnel, changed daily. Although SCP-467 has no true anomalous lasting effects, the information it reveals can leave people with lasting effects of their own. While SCP-467 is being studied or moved, all involved personnel must have no cell phones, pagers, or other communication devices on them without clearance for testing.
Description: SCP-467 appears to be an empty phone booth, and was found in [DATA EXPUNGED]. The SCP Foundation discovered it due to a legend about a 'haunted phone' that used to reside inside the booth, although testing has revealed that the phone was of no importance, and the effects came from the booth itself. Even after the phone was removed, the booth itself remained a place of superstition before being recovered by [DATA EXPUNGED].
Although there is nothing extraordinary about the booth itself, so long as a human and a communications device are in the booth at the same time, its effects are easily observed.
Communications devices receive a message from somebody the user knows. This call shows no preference for friends, family, loved ones, co-workers, or even just acquaintances. Curiously enough, later examination of phone records or call logs reveal that this call never happened, even though it may be observed and recorded. The 'caller' has never even picked up the phone, in the process, suggesting SCP-467 has a powerful form of telepathy.
These calls divulge information that the user previously did not know, most commonly secrets and confessions. These calls range from insignificant to life-changing (see addendum). A single user may use the phone booth more than once, provided that at least twenty-four hours have passed since their last use. It is suggested that the booth not be used for personal reasons.
Addendum: A collection of some of the more notable results has been collected, and is still being formed.
Test Log 467-Various
Item #: SCP-468
Object Class: Euclid
Special Containment Procedures: A buffer area of one kilometer is to be maintained around SCP-468-2. Individuals found inside upon initial Foundation acquisition may only exit with the permission of the overseeing Level 4 researcher. All Foundation personnel entering for purposes of observation must exit two hours after entrance.
SCP-468-1 is not to be moved from SCP-468-2. It is to be contained within a standard locked containment unit. One video camera inside the unit is to monitor SCP-468-1's movement. The unlocking combination is held by the overseeing Level 4 researcher.
Description: SCP-468-1 is an abacus with dimensions of 20 by 7 centimeters, in near-perfect condition, with no missing beads or signs of disrepair. Its beads, despite the lack of any obvious motor or driving system, will move autonomously. Periods of movement are interspersed by periods of rest, which usually last three to five hours. SCP-468-1’s beads will often perform basic arithmetic operations, though this is not always the case.
SCP-468-2 is the former farming village of [REDACTED], located in the Chinese province of Jiangsu, with an area of about 2.3 square kilometers. It is presumed that the previous owner of SCP-468-1 lived within this village. Research Site-133, which houses all personnel assigned to SCP-468, is located 3 kilometers from SCP-468-2. Foundation investigations have [DATA EXPUNGED].
Roads, houses, and other sufficiently large man-made structures inside SCP-468-2 will shift their positions as SCP-468-1 itself moves. Movement invariably results in the formation of geometric patterns. Usually, roads lined with houses will move to form rows and columns. Other patterns that have been observed include basic circular and triangular patterns. Researchers have recorded a relation between arithmetical operations done by SCP-468-1 and the movement of SCP-468-2. For example, SCP-468-1 moving to multiply 10 and 32 resulted in a 10 by 32 grid pattern, with outlying houses forming a perimeter around the resultant grid.
All sufficiently large animals (including horses, dogs, cats, and human beings) within SCP-468-2 are subject to its effects. During periods of SCP-468-1’s rest, affected subjects will travel between structures. Only SCP-468-2's roads will be used to travel. No two subjects will ever travel in different directions on the same road. The speed of travel is invariably 2.3 meters per second, with one pace taken every 0.6 seconds. Mathematical functions are often performed with affected subjects acting as counters.
Animals susceptible to SCP-468-2's effects begin to display symptoms 2.5 hours after entry into the village. The initial symptom is the loss of all complex mental functions, such as basic coordination, language skills, and reasoning. After 3 hours inside, instinctive and reflexive actions, such as the fight or flight response, are forgotten. After 3.5 hours, brain activity reduces to an essentially comatose state, and only the knowledge of how to walk is retained. However, only a certain number of affected individuals actually take place in group movement at any given time; because of this, surplus beings will simply [DATA EXPUNGED]. If enough subjects are removed from SCP-468-2 such that the number of affected individuals inside is less than ██, all movement will cease; it can only resume once members of the same species as the removed subjects are placed inside SCP-468-2. Despite their inability to consume food or water, all subjects seem to be in perfect health.
Removing SCP-468-1 from SCP-468-2 causes all activity within SCP-468-2 to cease, though affected subjects do not regain lost mental capacity. Given the research opportunity that would be lost, this is prohibited.
Addendum-468A: Before it became the focus of Foundation attention, SCP-468-2 was a relatively isolated community. Beginning January 12th, 19██, residents reported roads and houses shifting several meters in sudden bursts. Local authorities assumed tectonic instability to be the cause of the moving structures, and advised all residents to evacuate. Approximately half of the population complied. By February 3rd, no more reports were filed concerning the believed tectonic instability. By March 21st, attempts to contact people living in the village were met with no response, prompting Foundation involvement. By the time nearby agents arrived, the entire remaining population had succumbed to SCP-468-2's effects.
A discrepancy exists between the population of SCP-468-2 post-earthquake evacuation (188) and the current human population (66). Extensive Foundation exploration has not found a single member of the missing 122, [DATA EXPUNGED].
Addendum-468B: Patterns and calculations made by SCP-468-2 have begun increasing in complexity since observation has begun. While only basic addition and subtraction were seen when first discovered, its repertoire of mathematical operations has expanded to include multiplication and division; calculating the area of quadrilaterals, triangles, and circles; comparing proportions; and finding the square roots of two-digit numbers.
On July 19th, 20██, SCP-468-2 arranged in grid patterns used for basic arithmetic. However, Foundation observers quickly realized that the right half of SCP-468-2 had only very limited activity, whereas the left side exhibited an abnormal increase in subject movement. Dr. F██████, upon investigating the matter, theorized that the computations being made were an attempt to perform matrix multiplication, with the left hand side acting as "scratch work" and the right hand side including the actual matrices. After only 39 minutes, all subject movement ceased and SCP-468-1 entered another period of movement: the shortest recorded period of rest yet. Researcher estimates place the time required for matrix multiplication to take place inside SCP-468-2 at approximately three days. Matrix multiplication was an unusual jump in the normally steady progression of mathematical complexity previously undergone. Furthermore, the subsequent arrangement of SCP-468-2 facilitated fraction multiplication, the only recorded instance of a decrease in mathematical complexity between rearrangement periods.
« SCP-467 | SCP-468 | SCP-469 »
Item #: SCP-469
Object Class: Keter
Special Containment Procedures: Subject is to be kept in an airtight, soundproof containment chamber, 15.24m x 15.24m x 15.24m (50ft x 50ft x 50ft) until a viable termination method is available. All personnel who enter SCP-469’s chamber (Class D Only) must wear standard Sound-Proofing Anti-Resonance (SPAR) suits at all times while inside the chamber, and communicate only through written notes, hand gestures or text messaging. Absolutely no-one is to touch or even approach the subject with anything other than probing instruments.
All equipment taken into SCP-469’s containment chamber must make as little noise as possible, or none at all. Cell phones are permitted for communication between personnel as long as they are muted.
Description: At first glance, SCP-469 appears to be a gargantuan pile of white feathers measuring 8.84m (29ft) in diameter and weighing several tons. Upon closer inspection however, subject is actually a vast array of enormous white avian wings, tightly curled up into a dense mound. Each wing varies in size and span, ranging from a few centimetres to several metres, but all are covered with glossy white feathers.
X-rays have revealed the wings to possess a hollow bone structure underneath similar to other birds, though these bones are very soft and flexible, allowing the wings to bend and coil up at angles other birds, and indeed other vertebrates, are incapable of. At the center of the mass is a large humanoid creature, curled up into a fetal position, to which all the wings are attached at its spine.
SCP-469 seems to feed exclusively on sounds and sound waves, using the energy gained from sound to grow newer and bigger wings and feathers. The louder the sound and/or the higher the frequency, the faster SCP-469 grows. Though it can be sustained by any sound, it seems to have a preference for rhythmic/musical noises, especially those produced by bells (see addendum). SCP-469 itself, however, seems to make no noise whatsoever due to the sound-absorbing structure of its plumage.
Any human or animal that touches or gets too close to the surface of the creature will be quickly enveloped by the outstretching wings and drawn inside. Despite the feathers’ soft appearance, each hair has a sharp point that quickly pierces through clothing and into bare flesh, releasing a neurotoxin that immediately stimulates all the pain receptors in the body, as well as other stimulants to keep the victim from passing out too quickly. This is to make the victim scream loudly, thus feeding SCP-469 even more until the victim eventually goes into shock. SCP-469 is responsible for the loss of four personnel this way. Touching SCP-469 with dead or nonliving objects has no effect.
All termination methods of SCP-469 have been unsuccessful. Flamethrowers were initially used, but the noise from the discharging propellant as well as the crackling flames gave SCP-469 the energy to grow faster than it could be destroyed. Cutting and slicing instruments, due to their close range, resulted in failure and the loss of two agents. Acid immersion is being suggested.
Addendum: No bells are to be rung anywhere near SCP-469 (No less than 15.24m), including alarms and recordings of bells. The sound of ringing bells causes the humanoid in the center to “wake up”, unfurling its wings and proceeding to [DATA EXPUNGED].
« SCP-468 | SCP-469 | SCP-470 »
Item #: SCP-471
Object Class: Euclid
Special Containment Procedures: Methods of containing SCP-471 are currently being investigated. Primary goal of containment is to block the non-terrestrial transmissions emanating from it, with a secondary goal of acquiring and studying SCP-471 itself. MTF Mu-4 ("Debuggers") is currently tasked with blocking SCP-471's transmissions.
Observation Probe Delta-2 is currently in an elliptical orbit around Earth that allows it to regularly intersect the signal emanating from SCP-471. It is responsible for observing and reporting this signal each time it intersects. Delta-2 also possesses boosters capable of keeping it within the signal for extended periods of time for the purposes of testing or to monitor a significant deviation in SCP-471's signal.
Description: SCP-471 is an artificial satellite currently in an elliptical orbit around Earth. SCP-471 appears identical to Satellite █████████-█, a weather satellite launched by [REDACTED] in 197█. Though SCP-471 superficially resembles Satellite █████████-█, additional equipment of unknown purpose can be seen on its backside. Photographs and manufacture reports have confirmed that this equipment was not present at the launch of Satellite █████████-█. It is unknown whether Satellite █████████-█ was altered after launch or replaced entirely sometime later. SCP-471 has continued transmitting the same weather information Satellite █████████-█ has been responsible for, which allowed SCP-471 to go undetected for decades.
SCP-471 was first discovered by the space shuttle Discovery during a routine maintenance mission to [REDACTED]. An anomalous signal was detected being transmitted away from Earth, which was traced back to SCP-471. Once Foundation agents within NASA had identified that the satellite was in fact an SCP Object, the Foundation took over the investigation and released a cover story, indicating that NASA had detected a top-secret military research project.
Since its discovery, SCP-471 has transmitted constantly, looping every ███ minutes. Only one interruption in the signal has been recorded (See Test Log 471-931). The signal is stronger than any the Foundation or any other Earth agency is capable of producing, and all attempts to block it have met with failure. As well, the signal is clearly directed; it is only detectable within a narrow cone (radius to height ratio = .0013) originating at SCP-471. The target of the signal appears to be fixed on Jupiter. See Addendum 471-01.
Item #: SCP-474
Object Class: Euclid
Special Containment Procedures: Portions of SCP-474 which exist inside of physical space are secured within Foundation-made pill bottles. Bottles are stored inside a locked medicine cabinet, itself located within an anomaly storage vault. All non-hazardous recordings of SCP-474 audio are on the research team's shared hard drive space, with any cognitohazardous audio being stored on a secure server with restricted access.
Foundation personnel embedded in educational systems are to encourage zero-tolerance drug policies on college campuses in order to maximize the possibility of SCP-474 instances being discovered. Agents under the cover of being law enforcement agencies are to seize these whenever possible, and destroy them if deemed unrecoverable.
Description: SCP-474 denominates pills produced for non-medicinal purposes by Alexylva University in apparent collaboration with the Oneiroi Collective. Each occurrence of SCP-474 is blue, and analysis has shown it to be chemically identical to generic sugar-based placebo pills.
When ingested, SCP-474 will affect the consumer until the next time they enter REM sleep. Audio broadcast from Alexylva University will begin playing through their mouths, consisting of station breaks and notes associated with that campus' radio station. This spoken-word programming will be in the subject's native language, with mute subjects mouthing words and DHH individuals enunciating as they would attempting speech normally.
Although music is frequently referenced, it has not been broadcast audibly. Affected individuals who remember their dreams will report them as having a heavy musical theme. Dreamers, even musicians, have been unable to replicate the sounds they heard but have universally described it as some variation of 'trippy'.
The speaker within Alexylva appears to have some connection with the individuals they broadcast through, as multiple subjects tuned in to the station in their dreams will have identical muscle contractions and eye movement while being affected. See Addendum 474-B for more information.
SCP-474 was discovered after a local broadcast news station in [REDACTED] aired a story about a 'drug craze' at a local community college campus. Sixty-five(65) instances of SCP-474 were recovered from various members of the student body. Since then, approximately fifty(50) caches of SCP-474 are recovered annually from various college and university campuses in North Africa, North America, Europe, Eurasia, Oceania and Australia.
Foundation personnel working on SCP-474 who receive recruitment literature from Alexylva University in their dreams are to report to their supervisors immediately upon waking.
Addendum 474-A: Documentation associated with SCP-474.
Alexylva University proudly proclaims another triumph in their successful working relationship with the Oneiroi Collective Educational Animus, a method for mentally-crowded students to let airwaves flow into their ears and put to good use that time which is wasted sleeping.
University Elders pray to the gods that this provides an outlet for student stress and as there are no known side-effects mixing with other school-sponsored narcotics, it can be acquired from any nurse station.
— Alexylva University Staff
Oneiroi Dreams of Radio
Eat a pill before dreamtime.
Enjoy dream programming.
Advertising is provided for those in the waking world.
Don't mind them.
Keep rockin' the dream.
Addendum 474-B: Testing logs of SCP-474 audio phenomenon.
Subject/Intake: D-0327, two(2) SCP-474 pills prior to sleeping.
Result:
Item #: SCP-479
Object Class: Euclid
Special Containment Procedures: A Site 14 standard 2mm CR4 double skin steel plate security door (UNI 9569 Class 3) with full gasket seal is installed on either end of Hallway 4. Both doors are to be kept locked, and keys retained by the ETHB on duty. D-class personnel authorized to enter for the purposes of surveying and research. Hallway 4 is no longer authorized as a thoroughfare between the D-class laundry and plant room.
Sweeps of Site 14 looking for similar phenomena will continue to supplement regular security sweeps until further notice.
Description: Hallway 4 is a 25m long hallway connecting the plant room in the Site 14 D-class dormitories to the laundry room. As of ██/██/20██, persons entering Hallway 4 have mentioned powerful visual, auditory and olfactory hallucinations of blood, ranging from isolated blood spots on the floor to "blood raining upwards, hitting the floor from the other side like it's the pane of a window".
These visions of blood have been proven to be hallucinations. The floor at the time of the first report was plain bare concrete and no evidence of blood can be found by chemical or photographic means. Some ordinary rust was found, but not in the quantities or locations reported in the hallucinations. The ground under Hallway 4 is the same volcanic bedrock that the rest of Site 14 rests on, proven so after a D-class team excavated it with hand tools and a new reinforced concrete floor was poured. A thorough investigation of the walls and ceiling also turned up negative results.
No abnormal chemicals are present. Neurological analysis of D-class subjects with no prior history is pending, but so far looks inconclusive. Antipsychotic medication is ineffective.
The existence of this phenomenon in a Secure Facility may constitute a security breach and a report to O5 level is in preparation.
A request is pending to authorize the funding to declare Hallway 4 a Containment Site, although at present there is no plan in place to deal with the effect, should it spread.
« SCP-478 | SCP-479 | SCP-480 »
Item #: SCP-480
Object Class: Euclid
Special Containment Procedures: Site-415, located 142 km SSW of ██████, Wyoming, United States, has been constructed at the location of SCP-480's recovery, and is to be used exclusively for its containment. SCP-480 is to be monitored constantly for indicator signs of an impending fluctuation event.
SCP-480 is contained in a Type-3 standard observation chamber retrofitted with an early-warning system consisting of a spectrum of electromagnetic radiation sensors. Work stations and research staff are to be situated a minimum distance of 25m from the observed center of SCP-480. In the event of a likely significant expansion of the area of SCP-480, a D-Class subject is to be immediately prepared and secured in the observation antechamber located next to the primary containment unit.
Addendum 28-MIKE: To address concerns raised by research staff, a memetic pass-phrase system has been instituted to confirm that personnel are not currently under the effects of SCP-480. All personnel completing a shift at Site-415 must undergo memetic reality confirmation protocols prior to being signed out.
Description: SCP-480 is a localized electromagnetic field generated by an unseen and as yet unknown source, capable of inducing substantial changes to human consciousness and physiology.
While size and strength of the electromagnetic field fluctuate constantly, SCP-480 typically occupies a space of approximately 450m3 and usually is observed to be between 2.4T and 4.6T. SCP-480 is capable, however, of contracting and expanding substantially; it has been documented at minimums of 38.1µT and 18m3, and maximum values of 14.9T and 792m3. Although SCP-480 is 62% more likely to experience a major fluctuation event if no sapient organism is present within its area of effect, these events can occur at any time regardless of persons or materials present within SCP-480.
When a sapient organism is introduced into the area of SCP-480, it will undergo radical changes in sensory perception and mental function. Subjects placed in SCP-480 experience a mental state similar to dreaming during REM sleep, and become mostly unresponsive to outside stimuli. In this state, subjects experience the perception of a recurring period of time, either a recent event or a time perceived to be in the near future. Each recurrence begins in the same manner; for instance, if a subject finds themselves driving a car upon a particular section of highway at the beginning of a recurrence, they will always find themselves engaging in the same activity in each successive iteration thereof. However, subsequent events will differ in each successive scenario experienced by the subject.
Each recurrence experienced by those within SCP-480 consists of an event or series of events that will cause heightened sensations of existential dread and/or terror in the subject. Some recurrences end with the subject's perceived death, while others conclude with the subject simply losing consciousness due to unknown means. Regardless of the means by which recurrences end, the scenario experienced by the subject restarts in the exact same manner. Subjects apparently do not retain any memory of previous recurrence iterations. For a partial list of known recurrence scenarios, see Addendum 480-3.
Subjects will continue to experience the effects of SCP-480 as long as they remain within its area. Because of the nature of SCP-480's influence, subjects exhibit acute, unremitting signs of increased stress levels while remaining within the electromagnetic field, invariably leading to deleterious physiological effects. Removal of affected individuals from SCP-480 has invariably resulted in spontaneous cerebral hemorrhaging in subjects (usually occurring in the brain stem), causing brain death within minutes.
Addendum 480-1:
Item #: SCP-483
Object Class: Safe
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-483 needs no special containment, other than to prevent use outside of authorized testing. SCP-483-1 is not to be administered to subjects for whom there exist living humans outside the Foundation who are significantly acquainted with the subject and aware of the subject's age. Under no circumstances is SCP-483-1 to be administered to those known by Overseers. If SCP-483-1 is to be administered to a subject in a quantity in excess of their original age (see Addendum 483-b), all documents detailing and suggesting the test should exclude any and all information about the subject in question, especially the proposed original age to be tested; information recorded from and for these tests should not be taken from the subject directly, but rather from a clone of the subject created using SCP-222 (using a double-blind procedure), until all tablets designated for the test have been successfully administered. In cases where the subject is an SCP-222 clone created for this test (the recommended procedure), the original may be used for initial records.
Description: SCP-483 is a standard orange prescription bottle filled with up to 50 spherical, gray tablets (SCP-483-1). The label indicates that it was issued to a "Sherman, David A.", and in place of a prescription name, the label reads "anti-aging". The remainder of the label has been torn off. Analysis of the tablets shows that they are chemically identical to placebos.
When SCP-483-1 is ingested by an organism possessing a stomach capable of digesting medication, its effect takes place: All existing memories, documents, and records regarding the organism's age are altered, decreasing the organism's recorded age by one (1) full year. All numerical values/memories relative to the organism's age are altered correspondingly. The ingesting organism displays no biological change, apart from the aforementioned memory adjustment.
Medical pills or tablets of any kind which are placed in SCP-483 become SCP-483-1. Individuals affected by SCP-483-1 will remember accurately how many years have passed since certain events in their lives, excepting the ingesting subject's date of birth. Affected individuals may be convinced that their interpretation of the subject's age is wrong and revise it; further ingestion of SCP-483-1 by the original subject will reduce the revised age.
Addendum 483-a:
Item #: SCP-484
Object Class: Safe
Special Containment Procedures: All samples of SCP-484 reserved for testing must be secured in Pharmaceutical Locker AG-██. This testing pool should include at least twenty (20) doses of any particular form of SCP-484 or fifty percent (50%) if fewer samples exist. All other samples are currently stored in Secure Storage Room 112-█. All personnel of clearance Level 3 and below must have written authorization from a Level 4 staff member to access SCP-484. Any staff member currently researching SCP-484 may not interact with any O5 personnel until the conclusion of their research and a thorough toxicology screening and search of their office space and home. If any staff member, of any security level, is found to have appropriated SCP-484 without authorization or outside experimental parameters, they are to be reprimanded and reassigned, with the stolen SCP-484 returned to containment.
Description: SCP-484 is a pharmaceutical of unknown origin originally discovered in use as a street drug in urban areas throughout the world. Interrogations of dealers has put a tentative first release around June, 200█ in ████, Norway. As with most street drugs, the physical form of SCP-484 varies greatly from sample to sample. SCP-484 is generally found in pill form, though at least two types have been powders within a rapidly dissolving gel pack. Reports of a trans-dermal patch were received but no sample has been obtained to date. SCP-484 has a number of street names, with the most common being V, Vic (vīk), Vicar (vī-ˈker), and Care, each revolving around the word "Vicarious". Phrasal slang includes any mention of memories or remembering and name code uses V-names like Victor or Vivian.
Unlike most street drugs, all samples of SCP-484 are nearly chemically identical. Most illegal drugs vary by manufacturer and contain impurities and additives, but other than cosmetic appearance, SCP-484 samples are identical. The only explanation for this is that all samples come from the same source. Why there is such cosmetic variation is unknown, though researchers believe it is to disguise SCP-484 as a simple street drug. This also explains how a pharmaceutical with the level of sophistication demonstrated by SCP-484 reached the open market without precursors or public notice in its development. All known organizations capable of manufacturing SCP-484 are being investigated in order to determine the source. The logo seen on many iterations of SCP-484 is a tilted square with eight dots within, though no companies with similar logos are anywhere near capable of producing such a chemical. The dealer questioned in Interrogation Report 484-A33 seemed genuinely unaware of the drug's origin, despite repeated and vigorous methods of interrogation.
When ingested, SCP-484 is absorbed and causes the brain to produce a chemical compound previously unknown. Researchers have named the compound ███████-█. The compound is extremely volatile and breaks down almost immediately if extracted from the brain. Subjects experience rapidly increasing brain activity and pupil dilation. When a subject exposed to SCP-484 makes eye contact with an unaffected person, a form of telepathic connection will be established between the two subjects. The subject having ingested SCP-484 will begin to experience hallucinations of the other subject's memories. The degree of vividness and duration of these hallucinations increases with the amount of SCP-484 taken. The unexposed subjects enters semi-hypnotic state. Repeated use of SCP-484 builds a familiarity with the hallucinations and certain subjects have been able to move through a subject's memory at will, similar to a lucid dreamer altering a dream.
At higher dosages, the victims began to lose the memories test subjects described viewing, forgetting all or part of the memory. This memory loss was accompanied by intense migraines and psychological trauma, chiefly feelings of loss and violation, though the subjects were unable to describe what exactly was lost. It was later revealed that a subject using SCP-484 at high dosages actually appropriates the memories and adds them into his or her own memories. There seems to be no limit to the number of memories a subject can absorb, and existing memories are not overwritten. This data is corroborated by Interrogation Report 484-A33, though all answers from this report must still remain suspect. Testing allowed several subjects to have their memories, from childhood to the present, completely erased and absorbed by other test subjects. Those absorbing the memories reported initial discomfort and confusion by the double memories, but all those absorbed seem as real and personal as the subject's original memories. These memories seem to be maintained as long as the subject's memory is not damaged by some other chemical or trauma.
The risk SCP-484 poses to information security is high, and as such its tight regulation is vital. Research is ongoing into using SCP-484 in multiple fields. If properly controlled, it could be used to extract unwanted memories of security breaches or traumatic experiences. Permission is currently pending for use of SCP-484 with various memetic hazards. Priority is given to experiments concerning SCP-484's use in advanced espionage and information security.
Addendum:
Item #: SCP-492
Object Class: Safe
Special Containment Procedures: No special containment procedures are required for SCP-492. SCP-492 can be kept in standard on-site living quarters. Requests by SCP-492 that are within the site's capability, short of violating containment protocols, may be granted. In the event that SCP-492 should become hostile, incendiary devices hidden in its living quarters may be used to neutralize the threat.
Currently, due to its involvement in several other SCP projects, SCP-492 has Level 1 security clearance, but must be accompanied by at least one security guard at all times when outside its quarters. SCP-492 has also agreed to have a standard tracking device sewed into its "skin" so that its movements may be monitored at all times.
Description: SCP-492 was formerly an animatronic dummy for a pirate attraction in the now abandoned █████████████ Amusement Park. Due to the nature of the amusement park it was found in, SCP-492 is primarily made of low-quality synthetic cloth, and all of the hydraulic and electronic components inside it had been removed. However, due to unknown circumstances, SCP-492 has gained motor skills and sentience.
Medical scans of SCP-492 have shown that is completely hollow, and is for all purposes a sapient cloth dummy. It is not known how SCP-492 can stand or move without internal or external support structures, though tests have shown that SCP-492's cloth body can expand and contract in a manner similar to human muscle. Despite the lack of a nervous system, SCP-492 possesses all of the conventional five human senses with the exception of taste, and is perfectly capable of perceiving the environment around it. It is not known how SCP-492 is able to see, talk, hear, or smell without the required organs. However, its ability to see and talk are connected to the "eyes" and "mouth", which have been crudely drawn on by permanent marker, as SCP-492's head possesses no facial features. Erasure of SCP-492's "eyes" and "mouth" would presumably render it unable to see or speak, respectively.
Physically, SCP-492 can feel external stimuli. Through various tests, SCP-492 was able to discern objects by touch alone. However, SCP-492 does not feel pain, or at least has no concept of what it is. Its body seems to be unaffected by physical attacks: Its soft cloth absorbs blunt force attacks harmlessly, and damage incurred as a result of being pierced, cut, or ripped can easily be repaired through sewing the damaged parts back together. However, one note of interest is that SCP-492 has an intense fear of fire, most likely due to its flammable nature. In terms of strength, SCP-492 performed exceedingly poorly due to its fragile construction and lack of bone and muscle structure. SCP-492's strength is comparable to that of a human adult with markedly underdeveloped musculature.
Mentally, SCP-492 possesses all of the conventional mental patterns and thought processes that define human behavior. It can think, learn, comprehend abstract concepts, solve puzzles, and feel emotion. IQ tests reveal SCP-492 to be slightly above average at a score of ca. 112. Numerous sessions with Foundation psychologists and psychoanalysts have shown no evidence of any past or present mental instability or disorder.
SCP-492 was first discovered by Agent ████████ while she was responding to a routine inspection order. A group of teenagers had broken into █████████████ Amusement Park, which had been closed for ██ years at the time, and were later caught by local authorities. The teenagers were in a hysterical state of mind and told the local authorities that they had witnessed "things coming alive" in the park. The Foundation quickly took over the investigation at that point. The teenagers were taken into Foundation custody and were given a class-B amnestic before being returned to local authorities. Meanwhile, several search teams were sent into the park, but found nothing of interest. Agent ████████, however, stumbled across SCP-492 while she was searching the outskirts of the park. Agent ████████ then managed to convince SCP-492 to surrender itself in to Foundation custody.
Addendum 1: Due to its friendly and overtly helpful attitude and nonthreatening nature, Dr. ███████ has decided to let SCP-492 freely interact with on-site personnel. Because of its previous "career" as an animatronic pirate, on-site staff have taken to nicknaming SCP-492 "Captain Jack". Performance and opinion surveys of SCP-492 by on-site staff have proven so remarkably positive that O5 administration has decided to let Dr. ███████'s experiment continue indefinitely.
Addendum 2: Given SCP-492's lack of organs or flesh, SCP-492 has proven to be uniquely suited to handling certain SCPs that would be dangerous to regular humans. SCP-492 has already been cleared to participate in several experiments with Safe-level SCPs. However, handling Euclid and Keter-class SCPs requires a security clearance upgrade, and is pending O5 review.
Addendum 3: A Foundation surveillance team has been permanently posted at █████████████ Amusement Park after the following interview with SCP-492:
<Begin Log>
Item #: SCP-494
Object Class: Safe
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-494 does not require any special containment procedures, other than being kept under lock and key in Storage Bunker ██ at Site ██. Level 2 clearance and written permission from a Level 4 or higher researcher is required for testing procedures regarding SCP-494.
Description: SCP-494 appears to be a regular pair of black leather fingerless gloves. SCP-494’s anomalous features can only be observed while worn by a human subject. Upon being fitted onto the hand, SCP-494 will change size to match that of its wearer. Test subjects have described the feeling of wearing the gloves as if they were “not wearing gloves at all”.
SCP-494’s true anomalous nature is revealed in that when an object is held in each gloved hand, after exactly five minutes, the two objects’ makeup will be suddenly traded. The range of materials that can be transferred as yet seems to have no limit, and has been observed to create working machines and even living organisms from the materials provided. (see Test Log for details)
SCP-494 seems to have some limitations, such as the fact that only objects that can be supported by the wearers strength (artificial assistance, such as leaning one’s hands against a wall or table, seems to negate the effects of the gloves) will be transformed, and for reasons unknown, the gloves will refuse to work when worn by a subject over the age of sixty (60).
Testing Log
Item #: SCP-496
Object Class: Safe
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-496 is to be held in an aquatic containment unit located in Site-77's Safe SCP wing. The containment unit is to be flooded with seawater matching or as close as possible, to the mixture from the area of which it was recovered. Personnel are also to resupply nutrients to the water every 2 weeks via the filter system to keep the biological component of SCP-496 nourished. Personnel with Level 2 clearance or higher are to be denied any direct access to SCP-496's containment unit. Level 1 personnel who work directly with SCP-496 must submit to weekly psychological evaluations during and for 2 months after the period of contact.
Description: SCP-496 is a humanoid statue composed primarily of calcium carbonate in the form of deceased coral. It is 1 meter tall and weighs 296 kilograms. Radiocarbon dating indicates that it is at least 1,200 years old. Analysis indicates that SCP-496's interior is dead with a thin layer of fresh, living coral and other organisms coating most of its exterior. These organisms have existed in their current state perpetually for the ██ years SCP-496 has been in containment. When it was discovered, several instances of SCP-1104 were discovered living within it.
When a human subject approaches SCP-496, their perception of the area around them will change. Subjects will report being in a large urban area, populated by humanoid figures. The area has been reported as being composed entirely out of coral with a large ornate pillar in the center of it. An artificial roof made of coral will be seen above the subject's head with reflections of ocean water being visible. However these reflections may change form to match constellations, persons present within the city, or what appear to be godlike1 figures battling large sea creatures.
SCP-496 is capable of movement, however attempts at communication have been limited due to its underwater presence. Construction of an underwater interview area has been denied due to the expense cost.
Testimony of D-9987 after being exposed to SCP-496
There were these big houses… made of shells and stuff. They didn't really seem to have any pattern to them, looked like they made up the streets as they went along. The roads were coral too. I just kept walkin' through, looking for someone to ask where I was. Wasn't panicking or nothin'…. which maybe I should've, but I didn't feel like I had to. I felt safe.
There was this big-ass pillar in the middle going waaay up to the ceiling. It had a bunch of runes and symbols carved into it, there was a staircase that twisted around like a nail. People were walking up and down, carrying baskets of coral, food, all kinds of stuff. I kinda watched that for awhile, before I looked up and saw the ceiling.
Looked kinda like those reflections you get from water at first, y'know? Little white lines and shapes bobbing around. But after I looked for a minute, I saw it change. There were faces, people. There were warriors fighting off sharks and crabs, and there were guys dressed like emperors looking powerful. I sat down and watched that for a minute, and that was when you yanked me out.
In addition, subjects report that SCP-496 is positioned at the center of a pantheon containing twelve statues, with each statue being composed of a different material. Other individuals are frequently seen within the city by subjects, performing rituals or leaving offerings to specific statues. It is currently theorized that they held a moral, religious, or cultural significance.
SCP-496 was discovered by field agents investigating reports of unusual ruins found on the Caicos Islands. During excavations, SCP-496 was uncovered as part of the ongoing archaeological survey. No other unusual ruins or remains have been discovered in this area See Addendum 496-6. SCP-496 has been contained as of 08/19/1976, and classified as Safe.
Addendum 496-2: D-9087 was exposed to SCP-496 on 11/14/1999.
I was sitting by the statues, all 12 of 'em. There were people all around me praising them, or leaving food, or polishing the base. But then there was a big crack, like someone busted a rock on a skull. We all looked up, and there was this… crack in the ceiling. The reflection patterns moved away from it… and it started getting bigger.
People kneeled by the statues, pleaded for their lives. But then water started coming in, and they ran off. It hit the statues first, knocking 'em all over and pushing people away with a big wall of water. I was underwater at this point, and I saw all the statues blown away. 'cept one. It had one guy hanging onto the base, and it looked at him. The guy let go.
After that I couldn't see much of anything. I heard stuff smashing and falling in, but nothing else around me. Then I heard a big splash, and it send a big force of water rushing at me. That was when I woke up.
Addendum 496-6: Additional investigation of the area SCP-496 was discovered in has led to the discovery of a large pillar buried beneath the beaches. Further study is ongoing.
Addendum 496-9: Investigation into the drowning death of Agent █████ has determined it to have been accidental.
« SCP-495 | SCP-496 | SCP-497 »
Item #: SCP-497
Object Class: Euclid
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-497 is to be kept in a secure soundproofed room under continuous observation by standard security cameras. One guard and two medical personnel equipped with high-grade earplugs are to be posted at the door of the containment chamber at all times. Only cleared personnel are permitted to handle SCP-497.
If SCP-497 materializes a body, medical personnel are to evaluate the subject's health and notify security. If still viable, the subject shall be escorted to a medical ward to be processed. Dead or terminal subjects are to be analyzed and then disposed of according to standard procedure.
Description: SCP-497 appears to be an Eustrombus gigas conch seashell. Recordings have shown that SCP-497 continuously emits a very faint sound of voices screaming from within its shell. This sound dissipates a few inches away from the object.
Periodically, SCP-497 will become active and its sound will increase greatly in magnitude for approximately one minute. Following this, an emaciated human subject materializes, holding SCP-497, and then collapses to the floor unconscious or dead. Instances of activity under normal conditions have been observed to occur at a minimum of two weeks apart, and a maximum of two years apart, with an average of four months. SCP-497 has materialized ███ subjects since containment began, detailed in Document █████. No subjects absorbed during experiments involving SCP-497 have been recovered.
Subjects that hold SCP-497 near their ear and listen to it for more than ██ seconds will appear to fall unconscious, and then disintegrate. This leaves SCP-497 to fall to the floor. During periods of high magnitude sound production, any subject that hears the sound will be absorbed, even if not in close proximity to the object. Experimentation has shown that the subject must actually listen to and hear SCP-497 in order to be absorbed. Subjects listening remotely or listening to recorded sound from SCP-497 are not affected. See Experiment 497-A for further details.
It is possible to damage SCP-497, and samples have been extracted by using diamond drill bits. However, SCP-497's sound will increase in magnitude when damaged, and will materialize subjects at a greatly accelerated rate. The shell will quickly repair itself during this period as well. Attempts to continue damaging SCP-497 will cause its sound to increase exponentially. Determination of the composition of the samples has so far proved inconclusive. Extraction of further samples is advised against. See Experiment 497-B for details of early extraction attempts.
Addendum:
Item #: SCP-501
Object Class: Euclid
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-501 is kept in a securely locked opaque safe in a cell 5m x 5m x 5m in Site 3. The cell is guarded by two level 2 security guards who undergo daily psychological evaluations. The interior of the cell must also be monitored at all times by no fewer than two (2) security cameras, with a separate guard observing the monitor for each camera. These cameras must be connected to a backup generator so they will continue functioning in the event of a blackout. All requests for experiments must be cleared by at least three Overseers. Any personnel attempting to gain unauthorized access to SCP-501's containment cell will be either detained for psychological evaluation or terminated, depending on clearance level.
Description: Due to the nature of SCP-501's psychological effects when viewed, it is difficult to ascertain an accurate visual description. According to reports from D-class personnel who have had visual contact with SCP-501, it is an American one-dollar bill that radiates a glowing amber aura. Robotically controlled chemical analysis indicates that it is chemically identical to ordinary dollar-bills.
When a person views SCP-501, they are immediately overwhelmed by a desire to obtain it. Studies with D-class personnel have shown that this desire fades after a time, but that the time increases exponentially the longer SCP-501 is viewed. Further studies have shown that those affected by SCP-501 will stop at nothing to fulfill their desire, willingly resorting to violence and even self-mutilation to achieve their goal. Viewing SCP-501 indirectly through a monitor or while wearing vision-reducing goggles does not seem to hinder SCP-501's effect in any way.
An experiment was conducted to ascertain the effect of SCP-501 on individuals who are successful in obtaining it. D-class member D-501 was chained to the wall of the containment cell, and all other personnel were evacuated from the cell. The security monitors were briefly switched off as a programmed robotic arm opened the safe containing SCP-501, allowing D-501 to view it briefly. The arm then proceeded to move SCP-501 onto a machine in the cell that hermetically sealed SCP-501 in an opaque, jet black steel case. Researchers then re-entered the cell and unchained D-501 from the wall, allowing him to obtain the sealed SCP-501, at which point the researchers moved to a safe viewing location to observe the actions of D-501. A speaker was placed on the ceiling, and researchers were instructed to grant all requests made by D-501 that would not involve releasing him from the cell, would not result in possible visual exposure of the researchers to SCP-501, and would not violate safety or security protocols. The test began at 1:43 PM.
10-20-09, 1:43 PM: Subject acquires the sealed SCP-501. Subject stares at it without blinking for 10 minutes. Some researchers believe that the subject is still able to see SCP-501 even through its sealed case.
10-20-09, 1:53 PM: Subject suddenly stops staring and begins to strip all of his clothing. Researchers hear him muttering “I must remove the contamination” repeatedly as he does this.
10-20-09, 1:55 PM: Subject throws all the removed clothing into the corner of the room, after which he looks into the speaker and requests a razor. Request tentatively granted. The razor is carried in by an armed security guard. Subject takes the item and the guard leaves. Subject immediately and violently shaves off all the hair on his body and discards it in the same corner as his clothes. Subject cuts himself several times in the process, but does not seem to react or notice. As he shaves, he is heard over the speaker repeatedly muttering “Begone, unwanted possessions.” Subject discards the razor in a similar fashion to his hair and clothes after he finishes using it.
10-20-09, 2:00 PM: Subject enters a lotus position and begins to meditate without closing his eyes or taking his eyes off of the sealed SCP-501.
10-20-09, 2:23 PM: Subject is heard whispering “I see” to himself. He stands up and looks again at the speaker. He says: “I hereby renounce all of my worldly possessions other than The Holy One. I do not need anything other than The Holy One. Everything else is a contamination and must be forsaken.” A researcher acknowledges the request, after which the subject immediately returns to his meditative stance.
10-24-09, 12:00 PM: Subject ceases breathing. Subject has not moved since he resumed his meditation on 10-20-09 and is presumed to have died of thirst.
<End Log>
Item #: SCP-504
Object Class: Safe
Special Containment Procedures: All seeds, plants, fruit, crossbreeds, and other products of SCP-504 are to be classified as SCP-504. SCP-504 seeds need no special containment, other than to prevent misuse by unauthorized personnel. Grown SCP-504 plants and their fruit should be kept in soundproof rooms. Guards and researchers assigned to maturing or growing SCP-504 are to be equipped with radio-enabled masks which insulate non-transmitted sound, and are to be instructed to avoid attempts at humor.
Description: SCP-504 is a species of tomato physically and genetically identical to that of the typical commercially-grown tomato. It was recovered in [REDACTED], Kentucky after a woman reported to the police that her farmer husband had been "murdered by his lunch". The Foundation is currently working to identify and destroy loose strains of SCP-504 in the surrounding commercial farming areas.
When a poor attempt at humor is made verbally within human hearing range of SCP-504's tomatoes, they instantly accelerate to a speed of at least 100 miles per hour (approx. 160 kilometers per hour, 45 meters per second) in the direction of the sound's source. Only mature tomatoes, separated from their vines and less than 10% rotted or chemically compromised, exhibit this effect once each. Tomatoes do not have to be physically intact, though ingested tomatoes are usually insulated enough from sound to prevent their effects before neutralization by stomach acid.
SCP-504 tomatoes seem to reach speeds relative to the inciting attempt at humor (see experiment log). Relevant variables seem to include corniness, humor-to-length ratio, and use of puns. Language appears irrelevant.
Note: Whoever snuck SCP-504 into the cafeteria kitchen is getting terminated. Those tomato slices are like fucking shurikens. - Dr. Blast
Log of tests with SCP-504:
Item #: SCP-508
Object Class: Safe
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-508 requires no special containment procedures so long as it is kept out of direct view of any SCP staff. At least ██% of SCP-508 must remain covered except when actively being tested. It is currently kept in a small closet, with no windows or ventilation. The door is to be kept securely locked at all times.
If SCP-508 is to be tested, it may be sealed in an opaque container and transported to any environmentally-sealed testing room available. Due to the potential risk resulting from its secondary effect, the room is to be sealed using positive pressure and sanitized using ██████ when the test is complete. Unless there is a strong need to preserve the test subject, they, also, should be sanitized using ██████-██; in the event that the subject must be retained, they should be held in quarantine for a period of no less than ███ days.
Description: SCP-508 appears to be a 'Random Dot Stereo-gram' poster, of dimensions 255x197cm. Caution must be taken when interacting with it, as even a cursory glance may fascinate the viewer, giving them an overwhelming desire to properly view the 'hidden' image. Viewing the image appears to only be possible when the viewer stands 1 meter in front of the image, and stares directly at it; attempts to view the image via mirrors or having multiple subjects attempt to view it have failed, with only the properly positioned subject able to see the image.
In testing, achieving proper focus to be able to view the image has taken an average of 93 seconds. Subjects exposed multiple times appear to view it more quickly, but never in less than 60 seconds.
Once the viewer has achieved proper focus, the poster seems to function as a window to some other location (Effect 1.) These locations range from the banal (e.g., a view of the same room, but from the perspective of a different wall) to surreal and potentially maddening. (See ████-█.) In addition, the window appears to function bi-directionally, exposing the viewer to the gaze of whatever is being viewed.
Regardless of the time required for the viewer to acclimate to the needed focus for the image, after the same amount of time has passed with the user viewing through the window, the interface appears to undergo a secondary change (Effect 2), and becomes permeable, although only to the viewer and the viewed subject/area. (See event log: ██████, ██████, ██████-█ and ██████.) The requirement for viewing appears to extend to the secondary effect: even in the case of event ██████-██, where the subject was dismembered and pulled through the image, two other subjects in the test room were unaffected.
Addendum: Photographs, scans, and copies of SCP-508 do not inherit its primary properties, as the user is unable to see more than a strangely compelling blur. All such copies should be kept filed away, and no personnel shall view them for more than ███ minutes in any given ███-hour period, as extensive viewing has been shown to induce an overwhelming desire to see the original (Effect 3.)
If the subject is unable to see more than ██% of the image (due to it being partially covered, obscured, etc.) neither effect is demonstrated. Copies of SCP-508 show the same limitation with regards to Effect 3.
Addendum: Careful removal of the backing material revealed a price sticker, indicating SCP-508 was sold for $14.98. No indication of the store from which it was sold was found, nor was the UPC code able to be matched to any known database.
Test Logs:
Item #: SCP-509
Object Class: Safe
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-509-A and SCP-509-B are both to be contained on-site, due to their immobility. Each is to be cordoned off, and any members of the public turned away. Outside of research and maintenance purposes, no humans or pigs, living or dead, are to be allowed into either structure. Personnel may safely enter and leave SCP-509-A and SCP-509-B within four minutes of activation and while inactive.
After testing, any living humans recovered from SCP-509-B are to be trained as Level 0 personnel and assigned to minimal security positions. Personnel are cautioned that smoke inhalation from SCP-509-A poses a health hazard, and are advised to wear particulate respirators during and immediately after testing.
Description: SCP-509 is the collective term for two structures with similar and possibly linked anomalies. SCP-509-A is a wooden sauna located in Gaston, Oregon. When activated remotely, it functions as normal for an electric stove sauna, producing steam by dripping water onto a heated surface. Local records show that SCP-509-A was built in 1987, and exhibited no anomalous properties until shortly before its containment in 1995.
When used by a human, SCP-509-A produces clouds of smoke, instead of steam. Though the smoke is at this point nonanomalous, the means by which it is produced are unclear. After approximately six minutes of smoke production, SCP-509-A enters an active state, and tracking devices placed inside fail for the duration of its active period. Attempts to enter SCP-509-A no longer lead to its interior (See Experiment Log 509).
After a period of 155 minutes, SCP-509-A returns to its inactive state, now filled with extremely thick smoke. All humans in SCP-509-A at activation are no longer present within the structure, but are replaced by an equal number of cured pig carcasses. These carcasses exhibit no anomalous properties.
SCP-509-B is a brick smokehouse located near Hesdin in northern France exhibiting similar anomalous properties to SCP-509-A. SCP-509-B is believed to have been built circa 1750, though it too functioned normally until 1995.
Whenever one or more cleaned but uncured pig carcasses are placed into SCP-509-B, it ceases to produce smoke and instead produces steam. Six minutes after the addition of the last pig carcass, the interior of SCP-509-B becomes inaccessible in a similar manner to SCP-509-A. After twelve minutes, SCP-509-B returns to its inactive state.
Any pig carcasses present at time of activation are replaced by living humans. These humans speak fluent English, and claim to have just been at a sauna. Physical examination reveals no anomalous properties and dehydration consistent with approximately twenty minutes in a sauna. Under questioning, these individuals demonstrate functional knowledge within standard parameters, but have no recollection of life before recovery from SCP-509-B. No records have been found of persons recovered in this way.
Experiment Log 509:
Item #: SCP-511
Object Class: Euclid
Special Containment Procedures: When an instance of SCP-511 is identified, the affected residence shall be quarantined and will receive the next sequential site designation.
Excepting one main entrance, sites hosting SCP-511 will have all points of possible entry or exit permanently sealed with appropriate building materials. The main entrance will remain locked at all times. Entry is permitted to Foundation personnel with written authorization from Level 3 or higher. All SCP-511 sites will be equipped with remote monitoring equipment allowing for 24 hour surveillance and a continual tracking of the numbers of SCP-511-1 inhabiting the site.
At all times one (1) Class D personnel will be resident in the site. Personnel with this assignment are exempted from monthly termination for the duration of assignment. Candidates for this assignment shall be exclusively drawn from a population of post-menopausal women with a global Clinical Dementia Rating of 2 or greater. (Note: due to the exclusive nature of this population, O5-█ has approved recruiting from local hospice and/or nursing homes if necessary. Ref: Incident I-511-11)
The population of SCP-511-1 within a site must remain within an optimal range of 50 to ███ individuals. Below this range, adult Felis domesticus should be introduced to the site to increase population to minimum levels. If population exceeds ███ individuals, it must be culled immediately. Any SCP-511-1 found outside the containment site shall be euthanized and the remains incinerated.
Any biological material leaving the containment site for testing will be handled in accordance with standard protocols for a level 4 biohazard. All specimens are incinerated after testing is complete. Before coming in contact with any material from the containment site, personnel must be inoculated for Influenza, Hepatitis A, Hepatitis B, ████████ █, Tetanus, Tick-borne encephalitis, and ███████ ██████. Full medical workups are mandatory on a bi-weekly basis for personnel working with SCP-511.
Description: Instances of SCP-511 typically occur within residential structures with a block or stone foundation that includes a basement or crawlspace. All attempts to remove an instance of SCP-511 from such a residence have proved ineffective. (Ref: Interview 511-A)
SCP-511 is always found associated with a colony of feral Felis domesticus, common domestic cats. Members of this colony are designated SCP-511-1.
SCP-511 is a mass of biological matter taking the form of a large feline, often with extra limbs, eyes, mouths or other organs. It is typically coated with dirt, blood and fecal matter, making its fur appear black despite its actual coloring. (Tests have shown SCP-511’s fur to actually be a random patchwork of various feline coat patterns, colors, and lengths.) SCP-511’s mass varies from 10kg to over 50kg, roughly in proportion to the number of SCP-511-1 in the associated colony. The tissue that makes up this mass consists primarily of the bodies of deceased SCP-511-1. The portion of SCP-511 that does not comprise SCP-511-1 consists of other biomass; small rodents, various plant materials, insects and insect larvae, black mold, a human [DATA EXPUNGED]. Incorporation of dead tissue into SCP-511 does not appear to slow the normal process of decay. Different areas of SCP-511 undergo different stages of biodegradation at any given time; some areas show little more than lividity, while other areas may show active carrion insect infestation, and some areas may even show liquefaction of tissues. (Note: Researchers have described SCP-511 making a “purring” sound. Tests have shown this sound does not originate with SCP-511, but is actually the sound of insects, most often blowflies, trapped within its mass— Dr. A. ████)
SCP-511 prefers to inhabit dark spaces with a relatively high humidity, such as old basements and crawl spaces. It will continually scavenge its immediate area for new biomass to incorporate into itself, displacing and expelling matter that has decayed past mechanical usefulness.
Examples of SCP-511-1 resemble ordinary Felis domesticus that have undergone extreme neglect. They display a body condition score of 2 or 1, regardless of the amount of food available. Ulcerated skin is common, as are parasitic infestations, tumors, and various viral and bacterial infections. (SCP-511-1 are known carriers of a particularly virulent strain of ███████ ██████.) A typical SCP-511-1 shows no interest in grooming itself, and has patchy and matted fur. It is unclear to what extent the physical condition of an SCP-511-1 is a result of the influence of SCP-511, and to what extent it is due to sub-optimal living conditions.
Several observations have been made of an SCP-511-1 retrieving biomass from elsewhere and bringing it to SCP-511 to be incorporated.
Addendum 1: Incident report of containment breach at Site 511-█
Document# I-511-11
Item #: SCP-512
Object Class: Safe
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-512 is held within the Site-77 Safe object repository. It is to be shut at all times, and testing during adverse weather conditions is forbidden. All outdoor testing proposals must be reviewed by Security Chief Anderson.
Description: SCP-512 is a stainless steel black umbrella with a nylon canopy and polished ebony crook handle. Maximum radius of canopy when open is 0.75 m. Make and manufacture are unknown. A taped patch is visible on the canopy section.
When open and pointed upward, SCP-512 exerts an upwards force in opposition to Earth's gravity, in a roughly dome-shaped area directly above itself, with a cross-sectional area of roughly 1.77m2. Precipitation and other objects will be suspended and deflected within this area of effect. SCP-512 has no effect when closed, or when held at a horizontal angle.
Despite SCP-512's efficacy against normal precipitation, it is inadvisable to use the object during severe weather. Through an as-yet-unknown process, the item's anomalous effect causes the air above it to become extremely ionized. This interaction also causes electrical current to greatly increase in amperage while in direct contact with the item. This causes the threat of direct lightning strikes to become exceptionally dangerous to any individual holding SCP-512, as evidenced through the death of its original owner, as well as D-512-33.
Additionally, electrical current appears to travel across the surface of SCP-512, causing little to no damage to the item's structure.
SCP-512 was recovered from a public park in [REDACTED], FL. Local emergency services had been summoned to evacuate the area due to reports of unusual lightning strikes. SCP-512 was discovered caught on a streetlamp and fully opened, with evidence of several lightning strikes in the immediate area. Its handle was noted to be covered in ash. Foundation personnel intervened after local newspapers began reporting on SCP-512's anomalous properties.
Addendum: Testing Summary
Item #: SCP-513
Object Class: Euclid
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-513 is to be suspended in a one cubic meter block of gelatin and contained within a soundproofed, climate-controlled cell. The gelatin must be inspected daily for any degradation or loss of integrity. An emergency inspection will be carried out immediately following any earthquake, explosion, or sonic event grade 2 or higher. Personnel performing the inspection are to wear earplugs and active noise-canceling earmuffs at all times while inside SCP-513’s cell.
If the gelatin cube shows any signs of degradation (such as rips, tears, splits, liquefaction, or mold), SCP-513 is to be immediately removed and suspended within a replacement cube by a team of surgically deafened Class-D personnel. No other personnel are to enter the cell during this procedure.
Any sentient beings exposed to SCP-513 are to be monitored by at least two security personnel at all times. Under absolutely no circumstances may exposure victims be administered sedatives or allowed to fall unconscious. Any victim who does fall unconscious is to be terminated immediately.
Class-D personnel are to be terminated at the first sign of mental degradation. All other exposure victims may be terminated at their request.
If possible, SCP-513-1 is to be apprehended on sight.
Description: Physically, SCP-513 is an unremarkable, rusty cowbell. No marks or engravings are visible on its surface due to the large amount of corrosion. Attempts to remove the rust chemically or mechanically have had no success.
SCP-513 was recovered by Agent ██████ while carrying out Containment Reestablishment Procedure Mu at Site-██. SCP-513’s clapper was firmly held in place by several strips of duct tape. A single scrap of paper was found along with SCP-513 (see Addendum).
Any noise produced by SCP-513 immediately induces strong anxiety in all sentient beings who hear it, regardless of their previous mental status. Exposure victims report feelings of being watched by an unseen entity and present elevated heart rates and blood pressure. Roughly one hour after exposure, exposure victims begin to catch glimpses of SCP-513-1 when opening doors, walking past mirrors, turning their heads, or performing any other actions that result in a sudden change in visual perception. Upon being sighted, SCP-513-1 reportedly turns away and runs out of view before disappearing without a trace. Questioning of bystanders indicates that SCP-513-1 is invisible to those who have not been exposed to SCP-513.
Sightings of SCP-513-1 reoccur every 14 to 237 minutes. This “stalking” behavior inevitably causes extreme sleep deprivation, as victims are frequently disturbed by SCP-513-1’s presence in their quarters. Victims able to fall asleep before SCP-513-1's appearance report being physically assaulted by it. Upon the victim's awakening, SCP-513-1 flees as usual (see Experiment Log 513). This sleep deprivation, along with the mental stress caused by SCP-513-1's behavior, invariably induces paranoia, aggression, hypervigilance, and depression. All test cases but one have ended with the test subject’s suicide.
Descriptions of SCP-513-1's appearance are largely unreliable. Test subjects are unable to provide complete accounts of sightings due to their exhaustion, degraded mental health, and disruptive hypervigilance. However, all interrogations thus far indicate that SCP-513-1 is a tall, emaciated humanoid with abnormally large hands.
Addendum: Text recovered from Site-██
Item #: SCP-514
Object Class: Euclid
Special Containment Procedures: There is currently no permanent containment site for SCP-514 (See Addendum 2). SCP-514 is currently being tracked by Mobile Task Force Lambda-4 (aka "Birdwatchers"), who are under orders to observe SCP-514. In the event that SCP-514 strays near a densely populated area or an area where its presence will be easily noticed, Mobile Task Force Lambda-4 is authorized to use the █████████1 in order to manipulate SCP-514's migration patterns.
Access to SCP-514 and the █████████ is restricted to Mobile Task Force Lambda-4. Level 4 personnel may also have access, but must have O5 level approval beforehand. Any experiments and weapons tests with SCP-514 must be performed exclusively at the Foundation Advanced Weapons Research Facility.
In the event that SCP-514 risks public exposure or capture by rival groups, Mobile Task Force Lambda-4 is authorized to terminate the threat by any means necessary. It is highly recommended that such threats be terminated before they reach SCP-514's "zone of influence", though this is not strictly necessary.
Description: SCP-514 is a flock of Columba livia domestica, or Homing Pigeons. Visual analysis confirms that these pigeons are in fact the kind used in White Dove Release ceremonies. However, the type of ceremony they were used in, or the identity of who bred these doves is currently unknown.
What makes SCP-514 unusual is the "weapon and aggression nullification zone of influence" it seems to project around itself. This zone of influence projects itself in a roughly five hundred (500) meter radius around the flock, though this estimation varies depending on the flock's size. This zone of influence renders every known type of weapon inoperable and often destroys affected weapons after prolonged exposure. For instance, firearms will immediately jam or misfire, explosives will be rendered inert, and melee weapons will decay into dust. Also, the items SCP-514's zone of influence destroys appears to be selective. For further details, see Experiment Log 514a.
In addition to its weapon nullification ability, SCP-514 can also somehow suppress violent emotions and intent in sentient beings within the zone of influence. Interviews with staff and civilians who had been exposed to the zone of influence said that they felt very calm and content, even when they felt stressed and angry just moments before. For further details, see Experiment Log 514b. Currently, there appears to be no harmful or lasting effects to being exposed to SCP-514's zone of influence. Rigorous physical and psychological screening of individuals exposed to the zone of influence showed nothing out of the ordinary.
SCP-514 was first discovered when numerous reports of weapons stockpiles were reported as having been destroyed in numerous African nations. While the initial reports were written off as poor maintenance on the part of the owners of the weapons, additional reports of sightings of a flock of homing pigeons, which are uncommon in Africa, garnered Foundation interest. An investigation team was sent to track SCP-514 where they encountered a team claiming to be affiliated with the Manna Charitable Foundation, who were also tracking it.
The MCF members admitted they released SCP-514 in an effort to "end all conflict in Africa", despite not having a reliable way to control its movements. Unfortunately, the MCF was apparently unaware that SCP-514's aggression suppression effects were only temporary once affected subjects were no longer within its zone of influence, and they would resume hostilities with improvised or primitive weaponry once SCP-514 left. In addition, SCP-514's random movements caused only certain regions to be disarmed, leaving them vulnerable to invasion by their unaffected neighbors.
It took another three weeks before MTF Lambda-4 were able to bring the █████████ to control SCP-514's movements. The MCF members then challenged the Foundation team for possession of both SCP-514 and the █████████. Since both parties were still under SCP-514's effects, the conflict was resolved through a single round of rock-paper-scissors, with the Foundation being the victor. The MCF members then fled the area before they could be further questioned. The origin of SCP-514 and how it came into the possession of the MCF remains unknown.
Experiment Log 514a
Item #: SCP-518
Object Class: Euclid
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-518 is to be monitored by a field research team consisting of at least three staff and one project lead, supplemented by two security staff. This team shall be based at Remote Observation Site-18, 3 km from SCP-518. An automated security perimeter surrounding SCP-518 is to be established and maintained.
One physical copy of SCP-518-1 is authorized to exist at any given time for the purposes of research. This copy is to be kept at all times in an opaque, protective sleeve, sealed in a locked container and kept in Storage Locker 742 in Restricted Access Wing 1 of Site-93. One electronic copy is permitted to be accessible from authorized terminals at Site-93 and Remote Observation Site-18. Any unauthorized instances of SCP-518-1 discovered by Foundation personnel are to be destroyed immediately.
Description: SCP-518 is a localized anomalous phenomenon, catalyzed by the dissemination and exposure of SCP-518-1.
SCP-518 is, currently, a complex in a small valley consisting of eleven wooden structures in varying states of repair, designed and built in the style of structures common in newly-settled areas of the American West during the mid-19th century. These structures are arranged in a manner inconsistent with an established settlement; buildings are arranged in a roughly circular pattern, with no regard to road systems or natural topography (one structure is currently located on top of a creek). SCP-518 is located in rural Deschutes County, Oregon, United States, in the vicinity of the Metolius River.
SCP-518-1 is a short narrative, first documented upon the initial exploration of SCP-518 (see Exploration Log 518-1). Whenever SCP-518-1 is read in its entirety by a sapient, comprehending individual, SCP-518 undergoes spontaneous physical changes. In most cases, these changes entail the movement of structures in relation to each other, rearrangement of the interior features of these structures, and a small amount of subsidence in the immediate geographic vicinity of SCP-518. In some cases, readings of SCP-518-1 will cause new structures to appear, or existing structures to simply cease to exist. Research has determined that these physical changes occur either instantaneously or at speeds beyond the observational capability of current technology.
Interior of SCP-518 structure
The buildings that make up SCP-518 superficially resemble commonly found structures of the region during the 1850s and 1860s. In addition to several houses, there are currently a barn, a three-story hotel, and a saw mill. However, the interiors of these structures are atypical of traditional dwellings and establishments. Features such as walls, floors and ceilings tend to be arbitrarily constructed; houses have been observed to have rooms with no doors, non-level floors (one dwelling is constructed with a "floor" at a 37° angle), ceilings of a height of 1 m or less, etc. Furniture and household items typical of the period are also present, but are arranged haphazardly (in several cases, chairs and beds have been observed nailed to walls and ceilings). Other buildings contain no features inside, while the "barn" merely covers an open shaft extending to a depth of 120 m.
The land area comprising SCP-518 is gradually undergoing conversion into a sinkhole, and is currently experiencing subsidence at a rate of approximately 2-3 m per SCP-518-1 event. Current projections estimate that SCP-518 will be completely submerged by the local water table after 25-30 additional SCP-518-1 events.
Below is a partial transcription of SCP-518-1:
This is the last Will and Testament of me, Asa Rutledge of Grett's Hollow, Kentucky1 made this eleventh day of February one thousand eight hundred and fifty-nine. I bequeath no material possessions, having none.
[DATA REDACTED]
Though my soul be condemned to Hell for what happened here, I direct that my final wishes be carried out in full.
This place and all that happened here shall be forgotten by Man and buried under the Earth until the Day of Judgment. Though nothing is hidden from the Almighty, this being the only atonement I can now offer, I will it thus.
By the power left to me, which I pray is still sufficient to this task, let this testament be the means to conceal my shame, and let the tools of remembrance be turned to the act of forgetting. May Providence hasten the vanishing of this place from the Earth.
Since the establishment of containment, the Foundation has documented 15 spontaneous changes in the composition of SCP-518 that can be reasonably traced to the reading of SCP-518-1. Of these incidents, 13 have occurred under controlled research conditions.
Exploration Log 518-1: Upon initial containment in February of 1992 and the establishment of Remote Observation Site-18, staff undertook an initial exploration of SCP-5182. A team consisting of four D-Class personnel was dispatched to the site, equipped with two-way radios, flashlights, water, emergency rations, crowbars, and a camcorder. Dr. Lupe Carmona, then the Research Director for SCP-518, supervised the exploration from Remote Observation Site-18. Selected transcripts are reproduced below:
Dr. Carmona: Supplies have been checked and accounted for, all personnel present. D-32995, do you read me?
D-32995: Copy.
Dr. Carmona: Time is 1405 hours. Please proceed to the first structure in your field of view. D-94237, please keep the camcorder trained to your front in order to maintain our video feed.
D-94237: Copy.
Video feed shows exploration team proceeding to an SCP-518-A structure resembling a house. Team reaches the front door, and attempts to enter. Door is locked.
D-32995: It won't budge.
Dr. Carmona: You are authorized to force entry.
D-22343 and D-94237 force door open with crowbars.
D-32995: It's pretty dark in there.
Dr. Carmona: Illuminate the area and get video of the interior.
Flashlights from off camera reveal that the interior of the structure is typical of a structure of the apparent time period, with the exception of a dresser mounted on the ceiling, and a floor sloping at a pronounced angle towards the southern wall.
D-94237: You seeing this?
Dr. Carmona: Affirmative. Please proceed carefully into the house and document the surroundings.
After 6 minutes and 58 seconds of visual documentation, a small door in the northwest corner of the structure is visible in the floor.
Dr. Carmona: D-48983, please open the door in your field of view and document your findings.
D-48983: Copy.
D-48983 opens the hatch in the floor. After other exploration members illuminate the opening, a crawl space is revealed to be accessible through the hatch.
Dr. Carmona: D-48983 and D-22343, please proceed into the space in front of you.
D-22343: …I dunno, man, I think-
Dr. Carmona: Please proceed into the space in front of you.
D-22343: Co…copy.
D-22343 and D-48983 take the camcorder and their flashlights into the crawl space. All indications are that it is an ordinary crawl space until D-22343 pauses.
Dr. Carmona: You've stopped. Have you found anything?
D-22343: There's holes all over the place in here, almost sprained my damn ankle.
Dr. Carmona: Please describe what you're seeing in detail.
D-22343: There's…there's a bunch of little…rectangular holes in the dirt here. About…50 cm or so long? Maybe a little bigger. Narrow.
Dr. Carmona: Is there anything in the holes?
D-22343: Hold on, lemme take a look…um, it's uh…what is that?
D-48983 positions the camcorder over D-22343's shoulder. D-48983 appears to be handling an undetermined object while crouched over a hole.
Dr. Carmona: What are you handling? Please refrain from any unnecessary forensic contamination.
D-22343: It's uh…it's nothing. There's nothing in any of these.
Dr. Carmona: I don't believe it's necessary to remind you of the terms of your-
D-48983: It's nothing. There's nothing in here.
Dr. Carmona: …please spend another few minutes documenting this space, and then proceed to the next staging point.
Video feed indicates that the floor of the crawl space is filled with dozens of holes corresponding to D-22343's description. D-48983 and D-22343 then rejoin the other exploration members without incident and leave the structure.
Video feed is turned off until the exploration team reaches the "church" structure then present at SCP-518. Dr. Carmona orders the team to proceed inside, where they discover an entirely empty structure. The exploration team documents the interior until D-32995 pauses at the southwestern wall.
Dr. Carmona: D-32995, do you have an observation?
D-32995: There's some writing on the wall over here. Hey, get that camcorder over here.
Dr. Carmona: Is the writing legible?
D-32995: Mostly, it's kind of smudged in some places, looks like it's written in soot. Here, let's get the video feed in here.
Camcorder is brought to the writing, identified later as an instance of SCP-518-1.
D-32995: "This is the last will and testament of me,"…not sure what this is.
Dr. Carmona: Please transcribe it as best you can.
D-32995: Copy that.
D-32995 attempts to copy down SCP-518-1 on a small notepad. Discussion occurs between D-32995, D-22343 and D-94237 as to possible word choices for smudged portions of the original text. After approximately twenty-five minutes, D-32995 finishes writing and appears to read his notes. A low rumbling sound immediately starts, and the camcorder appears to start shaking.
D-94237: What? What the hell? What's going on?
D-22343: Shit!
Dr. Carmona: What's happening in there?
D-22343: We gotta get out of here! Now! Now!
Dr. Carmona: Permission to abort denied. Stand by and-
D-48983 can be heard in the background to be softly laughing. An unidentified member of the exploration team starts screaming. A loud crashing noise is heard before audio and video contact is lost.
Dr. Carmona: D-32995! Do you read? What's going on in there? Do you read?
END TRANSCRIPT
« SCP-517 | SCP-518 | SCP-519 »
Item #: SCP-520
Object Class: Safe
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-520-1 and -2 are to be stored in an inanimate-item containment locker with standard positive-action defenses. Each object's handle is to remain perpendicular to its base. The handles and contacts must be secured with sturdy clamps made of insulating material.
PoI-520-A and PoI-520-B are to remain in Foundation custody; as long as they do so voluntarily, they are to be accommodated comfortably without communications access. All electrical devices in each PoI's suite should be checked weekly for damage or modification. Should PoI-520-A and PoI-520-B agree to meet, they are permitted one hour of face-to-face or videoconference time per week.
Tests of SCP-520-2 should be conducted using the smallest possible active-zone setting. Both SCP-520-1 and SCP-520-2 must only be allowed to affect Foundation assets slated for disposal. Testing is currently suspended. See Incident 520-16.
Description: SCP-520-1 and SCP-520-2 are large quadruple knife switches constructed from wood, ceramic, and copper. A single unlabeled dial is mounted in SCP-520-2's base and a 48-character LED display is connected across its input contacts with insulated alligator clips.
When connected to an electrical circuit, SCP-520-1 does not function normally to break or complete the circuit to which it is connected. Instead, it splices itself, briefly and remotely, into the primary power circuit of one randomly-selected electrical device within ten meters. Moving the handle from the ON to the OFF position breaks the power circuit, while moving it from OFF to ON completes the circuit, regardless of any other switches or current interruptors. Interruption or completion of the circuit is permanent: wires are physically broken, fuses bypassed, and switches shorted out. The surface of metal connections formed or broken by SCP-520-1 bears signs of extreme oxidation, often to a chemically implausible extent.
SCP-520-2 functions like SCP-520-1, but its targets are selected randomly only from electronic devices inside its active zone that are members of its current selection class. The active zone's current radius is displayed on the left side of the LED display; it may be set to any value between between 5 m and 2,500 km using the dial in the object's base.
The selection class is a subset of electrical devices specified by a brief English phrase (see Addendum 520-6 for examples). The active selection class appears in the center of SCP-520-1's LED display, with a counter of remaining activations on the right. Each class is applied to exactly ten operations before a new one is chosen at random. If there are no members of the selection class inside the active zone, the counter does not decrement until a suitable device can be affected.
Over 680 pages of assorted hard-copy documentation were recovered with SCP-520. They included eight technical papers on anomalous electrical engineering topics; two complete sets of construction diagrams for SCP-520-1, one annotated by hand to roughly resemble SCP-520-2; a set of meticulous step-by-step instructions for building a copy of SCP-520-1, written in the second person and sprinkled with personal and cultural references; and extensive handwritten notes on the process of constructing and modifying an SCP-520 instance.
The retrieved notes end abruptly partway through debugging an attempt to add programmable target-type specificity. Most handwriting in the documentation belongs to PoI-520-B, with occasional notes in PoI-520-A's hand. Many of the notes refer to an ongoing correspondence by phone and e-mail, records of which have not yet been retrieved.
Addendum 520-1B: SCP-520-Related Persons of Interest
PoI-520-A is Sylvia Lin, a 23-year-old human female formerly living in Syracuse, NY. She holds a recent B.Eng. in electrical engineering and claims proficiency in electronics manufacture, including certain anomalous techniques. She claims to have built SCP-520-2 with assistance from PoI-520-B, and professes considerable concern for PoI-520-B as a friend and mentor. She is largely cooperative with Foundation requests but remains reluctant to attempt to build new anomalous devices.
PoI-520-B is Ester Pochazka, a 77-year-old human female born in Prague, Czech Republic and formerly living in Utica, NY. She is a retired electrical engineer with an established history of building anomalous electrical devices. She claims to have designed SCP-520-1, written the manuals and diagrams retrieved with the object, and provided the designs and documentation to PoI-520-A as part of a long-distance mentor-student relationship. Since containment, she has expressed no desire to contact PoI-520-A.
Shortly before being contained by the Foundation, PoI-520-B suffered minor ischemic brain damage as a result of pacemaker failure, with symptoms including partial retrograde amnesia. By studying her and PoI-520-A's notes since their containment, she has largely recovered her skills in electrical engineering. However, she claims confusion at the anomalous portions of the SCP-520 documentation, including her own writing, and is sharply skeptical of the basic principles described therein.
Addendum 520-6: Sample Selection Classes
The following device selection classes, in reverse chronological order, have been observed since SCP-520 came into Foundation custody.
Incident 520-16:
Item #: SCP-521
Object Class: Safe
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-521 is to be stored in Secure Items Locker 15 at Site-39. The battery level of the GPS beacon attached to SCP-521 should be checked monthly, with a new module fitted as relevant. The steel plate covering the letter slot of SCP-521 is to remain in place outside of authorized testing.
After activation, SCP-521 is to be retrieved from its new location and returned to storage with a new covering plate. SCP-521-1 onwards are to be held in Archive 4 of Site-39, with digital copies made available on the Foundation intranet. Access to these documents is not restricted (with the exception of SCP-521-27, see below).
Description: SCP-521 is a red postbox, of a design commonly used in the United Kingdom by Royal Mail. Retrieved from ██████████, England, test results show SCP-521 does not differ in composition from a standard post box of the same design. SCP-521-X refers to the items received during activation of SCP-521, see below for more information.
SCP-521-X are to be denoted numerically and stored per procedures above when retrieved.
When a letter ('letter' here defined as a piece of paper contained within a suitable, addressed envelope) is inserted through the letter slot of SCP-521, the anomalous effects of the object will activate. No other items inserted into SCP-521 will cause activation of the object. All letters must be addressed from one (1) subject to another directly. Letters sent from a singular subject to a company or representative of a company do not cause SCP-521 activation, or vice-versa.
Up to 24 hours after time of posting (regardless of stamp value used), the posted item will arrive at its destination, along with any other standard mail items. The postmark on the envelope is not that of the Royal Mail company, but one similar to [REDACTED]. However the original letter posted will not be found inside the envelope, instead replaced with an instance of SCP-521-X.
SCP-521-X appear to be letters written during periods of conflict, often addressed from combatants to family members or friends. Comparison of historical records places the bulk of SCP-521-X items as occurring during World Wars 1 and 2, see Addendum 521-E for examples. An exception is SCP-521-27, see Addendum 521-7 for more information.
A current theory suggests the items retrieved during testing are letters originally undelivered. Foundation researchers are currently attempting to trace possible relatives of the writers to verify this hypothesis.
Once a suitable letter has been posted and delivered, SCP-521 will disappear from its current position, and reappear elsewhere inside an urban location within 150km. Its current method of movement is unknown; however, any obstruction to the letter slot is removed during transit. No other parts of SCP-521 are affected during its transit. Any mail items posted between activation and delivery will be processed normally. After SCP-521 has completed a transition to another area, its effect will activate on the next suitable piece of mail.
Addendum 521-E: Below are short excerpts from letters received during testing of SCP-521. Copies of the original letters are available to be viewed on the Foundation intranet.
SCP-521-1
Item #: SCP-522
Object Class: Safe
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-522 should be kept in an airtight room, with adequate light sources. Hazmat suits are strongly advised, as anyone leaving the room must go through a thorough decontamination process to prevent the potential spread of SCP-522.
Once every two weeks, one pig (or animal of equivalent body mass) is to be placed at the center of SCP-522.
Except for purposes of experimentation, at no point should any person stand on SCP-522 while alone inside the enclosure. For this reason, all personnel entering SCP-522’s containment room should be accompanied by another person.
Description: SCP-522 appears to be a square swatch of red carpet, approximately 3.5 meters on each side. However, when a human being stands atop it, SCP-522 wraps itself around the victim with surprising speed. Once the victim has been completely enfolded, thousands of hair-like protrusions extend from the surface of the carpet and dig into the victim’s skin, quickly draining them of blood over the next █ minutes. After draining the victim’s blood SCP-522 unwraps and attempts to return to its original position, leaving the blanched victim in a heap at its center.
Further investigation into the structure of SCP-522 indicates that it is a normal, red carpet that has been infested by a previously unknown form of fungus or slime-mold. This raises the possibility that there may be other ‘copies’ of SCP-522 in the wild, and necessitates the decontamination procedures to prevent any accidental spreading of spores on-site.
Furthermore, the red coloring of the carpet is simply just that: the color of the carpet, having nothing to do with the organism or the task it performs. Theoretically, SCP-522 could live in a carpet of any color, undetected to the naked eye.
Of additional note, SCP-522 appears to possess a rudimentary amount of intelligence: if another individual is present within the room, it will not ‘attack’, unless it is in a position to overwhelm both people at once. Current observations show that it is also patient. How long it can go without feeding is currently unknown. (See Experimental Log for more details)
SCP-522 was discovered during a murder investigation in the town of ███████,██, when one of the investigating officers fell prey to its effects. The mysterious coincidence of two people being utterly drained of blood within the same building prompted the Foundation to investigate, at which point SCP-522 was discovered.
The Foundation is currently assessing the viability of using SCP-522 as a covert assassination tool. Research into ‘breeding’ additional copies of SCP-522 pending approval.
Experimental log
Item #: SCP-529
Object Class: Safe
Special Containment Procedures: No special precautions have yet proven necessary. "Josie" is quite affectionate, and at this stage is free to move about the lower levels of the facility. Staff are not permitted to feed cheese to her - she will become distressed if not given sufficient cheese.
Description: SCP-529 is a small house cat (Felis catus) with grey tabby markings.
Parts of the animal to the rear of the end of the ribcage appear to be missing. The body terminates sharply as if sliced in two.
In spite of this, the animal has no health problems, and moves about as if its hindquarters were still in place. For example, walking takes place as usual, and some time after feeding the animal makes motions as if to void itself of waste matter.
The cross-section does not display the interior of the animal, but appears pure black to the eye, and absorbs all non-visible wavelengths of light. It is slightly yielding to the touch. Gentle stroking of this area sometimes yields a positive reaction (purring and so on) but more usually leads to the creature turning on the agent, claws at the ready. Those scratched have experienced no abnormalities.
The hind regions do not appear to be invisible - a cursory examination will show that there are no hindquarters. DNA testing has shown the animal to be female.
« SCP-528 | SCP-529 | SCP-530 »
Item #: SCP-531
Object Class: Safe
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-531 statues are effectively harmless when kept facing each other. When not being studied they are stored in matched pairs in the medium-security facility █████, placed in wall alcoves on opposite sides along a marble-lined hallway in an arrangement that approximates the circumstances where the original pair was found. The alcoves have sliding doors that can be closed via remote control to make it easier to approach them for maintenance or experimentation, or on those occasions when there are an odd number of statues in inventory. There are currently fourteen statues in inventory, numbered SCP-531-1 to SCP-531-14.
If it is anticipated that the Foundation will have an odd number of SCP-531 statues in inventory for an extended period of time (i.e., it is not a temporary condition resulting from an in-progress test), a D-class personnel should be assigned to ensure that all statues have a partner. It is better to do this in a controlled manner than risk an accidental exposure.
Description: SCP-531 consists of several paired sets of brass statues depicting stylized felines. The cats are in a seated posture, looking forward with ears raised in what is usually described as an 'attentive' expression. Each cat is 74.2 cm tall and is solid metal weighing 451.7 kilograms. Their eyes are inset with what appear to be polished tiger-eye stones that give an impression of luminescence, though they do not directly emit visible light.
The original pair of these statues was found by an archaeological expedition in a tomb near ██████████ █████, Egypt, that dated to approximately ████ B.C. The outer chamber of the tomb had been thoroughly looted in antiquity. The two SCP-531 statues were located in the passage leading to the inner chamber, in alcoves 54 cm above the floor on either side of the passage and facing each other across it. Although the passage was open, no looting had occurred beyond this point. The expedition's members experienced an extreme aversion to passing in between the two statues and it is speculated that this psychological barrier is what protected the inner chamber from prior looters.
The expedition managed to overcome this barrier through [DATA EXPUNGED] means and proceeded to retrieve the tomb's artifacts (no other SCP items were among them but they were later impounded at a Foundation facility anyway - see annex 531-B). The last items to be retrieved were SCP-531 themselves. One of the two statues was hoisted down from its alcove and crated for transport, with the plan being to crate the second one the next day. At some point during the night [REDACTED] went missing and a new replacement statue was found occupying the vacated alcove. The expedition decided to re-seal the tomb with these two statues remaining in their alcoves. The statue they had placed in a crate was taken with them to the █████████ institute, where another individual went missing and another new statue was found in storage paired with the original. It was at this point that Foundation staff retrieved both pairs of statues along with the other artifacts from the tomb.
Note: Due to sloppy record-keeping by [REDACTED] (who was lost during early testing of SCP-531's properties) it is not known which two of the four statues impounded by the Foundation at that point were the 'originals'.
Properties:
Item #: SCP-536
Object Class: Safe
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-536 is to be maintained according to standard Foundation procedures. SCP-536 is not to be plugged into its power source except during authorized testing. Any personnel who wish to engage in research involving SCP-536 must submit an official request form to Dr. ████, under whose supervision all tests are to be conducted.
Gravimetric, electromagnetic, and radiological sensors are to be placed on SCP-536's surface at one meter intervals. In the case of abnormal readings on any of these sensors, SCP-536 is to be deactivated immediately and removed from its power source.
Personnel are encouraged to repeatedly check calculations before activating SCP-536.
Description: SCP-536 is a ██ by █ by ██ meter chamber, with a 50 centimeter square viewing window, 6 tunable dials with corresponding meters, and an electromagnetically sealed entryway. The entryway cannot be sealed or opened from the inside, and the dials will not respond unless the entryway is closed and sealed. The viewing window is opaque to electrons, nuclear particles, [REDACTED], and photons of energies above 1 keV.
Each of SCP-536's dials alters the value of one of the fundamental physical constants within the chamber. The dials control, respectively, the speed of light 'c', the gravitational constant 'G', Planck's constant 'h', the fundamental charge 'e', and two other constants represented by the Greek letters lambda and theta (Memo: After testing, Foundation researchers have concluded that these two constants represent the coupling constants for the weak and strong interactions, respectively. See testing logs SCP-536-██ and ██). All constants are measured on their respective dials in modern SI units, with the exception of the dimensionless lambda and theta.
Except for the viewing window, SCP-536 is totally opaque to electromagnetic radiation and subatomic particles. No abnormal physical behavior has yet been observed outside the chamber during testing.
Recovery Log: SCP-536 was recovered from the University of ██████ Physics department, where it was installed in the research laboratories of Prof. ████. After its identification as an SCP object, several agents were dispatched with a squad of Level-3 security personnel.
Prior to recovery, Prof. ████ was either warned of Foundation actions or was able to recognize Foundation agents. Using a device Agent ███ described as a [REDACTED], the Professor [DATA EXPUNGED]. He died in the resulting explosion. All references or records referring to SCP-536 had been destroyed before the arrival of any Foundation personnel.
Detailed analysis of Prof. ████'s personal effects has revealed probable association with several anti-Foundation groups, including [DATA EXPUNGED]. As yet, it is unknown whether SCP-536 was manufactured by any of these groups, or if it has extraterrestrial, supernatural, or extratemporal origins.
Testing Logs:
Item #: SCP-538
Object Class: Euclid
Special Containment Procedures: All instances of SCP-538 are to be contained within a flush-white 15 by 15 by 3 meter room with no fewer than four (4) overhead 200 watt lights. These lights are to be centered above a 1 by 2 by 0.5 meter block table stationed in the center of the containment area and shining at all times. One (1) Class D Personnel in a chemically-induced coma is to be kept medically stable upon the table, and will serve as the "feed" source for all specimens of SCP-538. No source of shade should be present in the room other than that provided by the Class D.
If at any point a light in SCP-538's containment area burns out, a crew of two security personnel are to be sent in through an adjacent airlock. Personnel are to be equipped with sealed hazardous material suits complete with independent oxygen tanks and advised to move slowly and deliberately in order to avoid agitating SCP-538. They are to replace the burnt out bulb and, upon completion of their task, are to return to the airlock. Once personnel are isolated within airlock, they are to be flushed with 300 watt white light in order to assure no instances of SCP-538 are clinging to their person. Examinations of Class D Personnel providing sustenance for SCP-538 are to be done in a similar manner, however only one doctor is required for examinations. See Addendum 538-A.
If at any time all four lights are to go out simultaneously, the chamber is to be sealed along with all observation ports. Until means of relighting SCP-538's chamber are available, the containment area is to remain in lock-down. If at any time personnel are bitten by SCP-538, the infected individual must be placed within SCP-538's chamber as soon as possible. Failure to do so could result in massive breach of containment and will result in termination of responsible individual.
Note: Security personnel are to be periodically screened for any unusual phobias. Any personnel found to exhibit any degree of arachnophobia is to be reassigned.
Description: SCP-538 appears to be animate shadows of an unknown species of spiders. SCP-538 appears to "feed" off of the shadows of other living objects, and will move to the nearest shadow cast by a living organism. To "feed", SCP-538 does no more than attach itself to the shadow of its host in such a manner that its own shadow is not obscured. Through this manner, a single specimen of SCP-538 can grow up to approximately 15 square centimeters in size. Feeding after this point appears to simply maintain this size; the whole process has so far proven to be harmless to the host. While a specimen can attach itself to an inanimate object to feed, it will slowly atrophy and decrease in size over time. Only when connected to the shadow of a living organism can SCP-538 thrive.
SCP-538 has shown itself capable of going short distances through open, well lit areas, such as to reach a nearby host or to escape a source of agitation. However, it will rapidly decrease in size at a rate of nearly 2 square centimeters per second for the length of time it is not attached to a shadow. Should a specimen be stranded out in the open long enough, it will eventually decrease to nothing, at which point it can be considered deceased. Top land speed has been observed at approximately one meter per second when at maximum size. SCP-538 has shown itself to be capable of slipping through cracks greater than 3 millimeters in height; spaces less than this distance appear impassible.
While generally benign, SCP-538 can and will attack its host if frightened. Frightening SCP-538 generally involves a rapid movement by its host, at which point it will "bite" the organism's shadow before attempting to flee. Bite must occur on bare skin to cause effects; clothing material consisting of cotton or anything sturdier will provide sufficient protection.
Upon being bitten, an individual will go through five different stages within the space of an hour. Note that bitten individuals may attempt to hide their condition; therefore, any individual exhibiting the following symptoms must be contained immediately.
Stage one: Upon agitation, SCP-538 will bite the shadow of its aggressor. Subject will report pain in relative area bitten on shadow; however, no puncture or wound will appear in this location. Subject will quickly become irritable, snapping at those around him.

Stage two: 10-15 minutes after being bitten, subject will begin perspiring heavily, but may report feeling cold. Skin will become red and warm to the touch.

Stage three: 25-30 minutes after being bitten, subject will become violent and aggressive, attempting to start conflict with those around him. Speech will be slurred, and motor skills may be impaired. Subject will resort to violence, often attacking those closest to him.

Stage four: 40-45 minutes after being bitten, subject's skin color will turn pale and paste-colored, and their core temperature will drop between 5 and 8 degrees Celsius. Subject will be apologetic to those around him, and may cite that he was not feeling well. Subject will attempt to excuse himself and retreat to a darker area.

Stage five: 55-60 minutes after being bitten, subject will [DATA EXPUNGED] resulting fluid will be completely translucent and harmless. Subject's shadow will have at this point completely disintegrated into smaller specimens of SCP-538 approximately 4 square centimeters in area, and for the lack of a better term should be considered its "offspring".
There is currently no cure for being bitten by SCP-538. Death has proven to be ineffective at halting advancement of the condition, but rather skips the process directly to stage five.
Addendum 538-A: As a result of Incident I538-A, no fewer than two security personnel equipped with two (2) 250 watt flashlights are to be sent in to accompany doctor examining Class D.
Incident Report I538-A:
Item #: SCP-542
Object Class: Euclid
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-542 is to be kept in a 8m x 8m room with small adjoining bathroom, and may submit requests for furnishings barring anything that could be modified into surgical tools. Notable requests by SCP-542 include:
The room is to remain locked, dead-bolted, and barred with at least two Class D guards on duty at any time. SCP-542 is to be fed two meals per day, delivered by Class D personnel, and as per request, will be given a transfusion of fresh blood (1 pint, any type) per week.
When SCP-542 begins to suffer from organ failure, he may request a fresh organ to be supplied, and Foundation Medical Personnel will sedate him and perform the surgery. Despite constant requests, SCP-542 may not be allowed to perform invasive surgery upon himself except during observed testing. Old and discarded organs or tissue are to be collected for testing.
In the event that SCP-542 should escape confinement, SCP-542 may be subdued by high doses of tranquilizers or disabled via a net. Should he come into possession of any knives or shards of glass/mirror that could be used to cut, nonlethal fire is permitted.
Description: SCP-542 claims that it has been, at one time, a typical human of Caucasian descent, identifying as German in nationality. This story is supported by the fact that German appears to be his first language, speaking all other languages with a German accent. SCP-542 requests to be called "Herr Chirurg" or "Surgeon" by staff and is fluent in German, English, and French, and can speak a small bit of Polish and Italian. Standard IQ tests have revealed 542's IQ to range around 150, placing him as high intelligence. It is unknown how old 542 is; testing of various tissue samples has revealed nothing. He claims to have been 'dreadfully normal' before World War I started, and claims to have worked for the Nazi party, even if he found their goals 'boringly simple.'
He has been described as a "Frankenstein's Monster" in appearance. SCP-542 may hide his odd features under heavy clothing, but prefers to wear only a nice pair of slacks, revealing his hunched form, distended gut, warped ribcage, and bizarre arm structure. His skin is made from patches of various hues and shades, some of these healed together with scars while others are still stitched together. Non-symmetrical bone and muscle structure reveals that he has replaced the majority of his body over time, and admits to having worked with "helpers" before to replace such things as portions of his own spinal cord. Although his appearance can change with surgery, his arms are always too long for his body, and his hands have been modified greatly to have additional joints in the fingers.
The skin is pulled rather tightly over 542's face, giving him a somewhat skeletal appearance along with the tendency for his bones to bulge through his skin. His teeth, it should be noted, are collected from different individuals, some of them not even human by all appearances. It is not uncommon for him to cough or to vomit blood, and as such requires infusions of fresh blood approximately once per week. He currently boasts two hearts and multiples of several other organs and organ systems. How 542 keeps track of his own structure while performing surgery is unknown, but he likens it to 'having a very good memory.'
DNA testing on all tissues is inconclusive, and reveals fragmented DNA. It is unknown how he is able to accept different blood types and multiple organs without suffering from organ rejection or allergic reactions, nor how he is able to function while performing invasive surgery on himself, even while inserting extra brain matter into his skull. SCP-542 is to be kept alive for observation and testing on the process that keeps him alive.
SCP-542 behaves in a surprisingly pleasant manner most of the time, enjoying lengthy conversations about science and biology, politics, and long games of chess. However, when an organ begins to fail or part of his body becomes necrotic, he undergoes a drastic personality change, stalking and observing people from a distance. Additional information on his habits and attacks may be found in the addendum.
SCP-542 appears to have a previously unknown ability to be completely aware of his body's functions and workings constantly, even able to identify points of rotting or decay he should not be able to sense by any known means. This ability, however, has been shown to extend beyond his own body. He can passively sense the health and medical status of other humans within several meters of him, the range extending to approximately five meters when he focuses. He admits that he uses this process, which he doesn't understand himself, to pick his next victims.
Addendum: SCP-542 has been proven to be the assailant in a string of 45 murders over the course of three years that occurred across Germany, England, and America, and is suspected of an additional, unconfirmed fifteen murders in that time span. He was first observed four years ago by Agent ████████ in ██████████, Germany, after four people had been attacked and had muscle, sinew, and bones removed from their limbs. Three of the victims died from blood loss and shock. The fourth, ██████ █████ happened to be staying in the hotel room next to Agent ████████, who intervened. This account may be found in Incident Report 542-A-06.
SCP-542 has a strong connection to a collection of scalpels, blades, syringes, and various other surgical equipment from time periods ranging from modern day to archaic, if very well-kept, relics from years as early as the 1910s. He carries these in a velvet-lined, black leather suitcase, and modifies many of his jackets to have holders to hide and carry this equipment in. He is not allowed access to this collection except during testing and observation of self-surgery.
SCP-542 has also caused several deaths of Class D personnel, even when not in testing, due to negligence or assumption that certain items may be 'safe' when used by him. Personnel are reminded that even if his personality is pleasant the majority of the time, he will still dissect personnel for amusement and curiosity's sake if given the chance. These incidents may be reviewed in Incident Reports 542-B-01 through 542-B-11. Seemingly safe items such as sewing supplies have led to him making more than a rather well-tailored jacket for himself, but also resulted in him restraining a Class D Personnel by sewing him to the mattress of the bed, before removing his kidneys and a portion of the liver.
SCP-542 has shown to be very willing to comply with certain experiments and appears to enjoy performing self-surgery with someone observing, explaining what he is doing and displaying his knowledge of the workings of the body as if he were a teacher describing a surgical textbook. Unfortunately, this usually requires being at a risk of attack from him.
It has been requested that SCP-542 be kept alive so the process that allows for him to recover from intense surgery without organ rejection be studied and potentially copied for medical use. SCP-542 may also show potential for being used to assist in surgical and studying endeavors, due to his increased intelligence and compulsion for dissection. Any books and notes written by him may be accessed and studied by those with Class-2 security clearance or higher.
Update ██/██/20██ SCP-542 has somehow acquired knowledge of both SCP-291 and SCP-1025, and appears to be very interested in their use. All requests to study both anomalies are to be denied until further notice.
Incident Report 542-A-06 Agent ████████, while staying at the █████ Hotel in ██████████, Germany heard the sounds of a scuffle and screaming from across the hall at approximately 3AM Local time, at which point he felt that he had to intervene, unknown that he would come face to face with a possible SCP. After forcing the door to ██████ █████'s room he observed SCP-542 removing the muscles and bone of Miss █████'s right leg. After the agent fired several shots, 542 fled through the window and Agent ████████ contacted local authorities and an ambulance.
██████ █████, an American tourist who had only been in town for a few days, described what had happened to her while recovering in the hospital. Afterward, she willingly took the amnestic issued to her, preferring to believe that she had instead been in an unfortunate traffic incident and her right leg had been amputated.
Her report is as follows.
I had been to Germany before, so I knew my way around…and I was used to taking the bus. But I guess I first saw him there, I think, just this guy all hidden under heavy jackets and this hat and glasses and of course, I was suspicious because it was summer, you know, sweltering hot…and I realized he was looking at me, but I ignored it. He didn't get off the bus at my stop, anyways, and there were always others on the bus, even late at night. I guess I saw him for three days, and I stopped thinking about it… He must've followed me off the bus that… that day. That night.
I went up to my hotel room, and I don't… I don't remember… The window was open, and it was all dark, the light wouldn't turn on. I figured somebody had decided to steal my stuff, so I went in to see if anything was missing and… and…
[[██████ █████ shows signs of intense discomfort, and asks for a minute to compose herself. This is allowed, and she resumes after several minutes.]]
He was hiding under the bed, and he had these freakishly… long arms… and the fingers… too many joints and he took my ankles right out from under me. He was just too fast, and… and he tied my arms and legs to the bed, and at first I thought, you know, that he was going to… to… you know.
He kept saying, like…"Don't worry," and "You're going to help me," and "I need your help…" and things like that, it was scary as shit, and he said that so long as I kept quiet he might call an ambulance afterward, and that was a little scary.
I guess it really was worse than that. He picked up his jacket, it'd been on the coat hanger by the door and I hadn't even noticed it… and started pulling out all these knives and… all these tools and I just didn't know what to do. So I decided to take my chances and started screaming as loud as I could. Then he… he…
[[██████ █████ was allowed to stop there, and was delivered the amnestic and alibi that night.]]
Incident Report 542-A-15 For details on the eventual tracking and capture of SCP-542 please refer to [[DATA EXPUNGED]]. A request for declassification is under review, 20██/██/██.
Note As of ██/██/██, SCP-542 has been moved to Bio-Research Area-12 in order to assist in the Olympia Project.
"And I want him back intact!" - Dr. Rights
Note
Item #: SCP-543
Object Class: Euclid
Special Containment Procedures: Access to SCP-543 is restricted to staff with Level 2 clearance. Detailed observation of SCP-543 has thus far been restricted to Class D personnel.
Description: SCP-543 is a collection of ████ 4-hour VHS videotapes from various manufacturers. Total length of tape is ████ hours. Tapes are labeled with dates and times from ██/██/████ to ██/██/████.
All tapes viewed so far appear to be "noise" or "snow" recorded from an empty analog television channel. However, those who watch the tapes for long enough are able to discern an image (see Addenda 543-1 and 543-2).
Discovery: SCP-543 was found in a single-room apartment in the ███████ Building, ███████, █████████, on ██/██/████. The room contained a ████████ brand 38.1 cm analogue television set with "rabbit ears" set-top antenna. Television was tuned to the "gap" between local stations ██ and ██. Antenna was attached to a tangle of wires that filled the entire room from floor to ceiling except for a small area in front of the television. SCP-543 was stacked along the walls and strewn on the floor.
In front of the television was the apartment's tenant, ████████████, adult male, deceased. Head was buried in the television; he had rammed it through the glass screen himself and died of electrocution. Signs of extreme malnutrition. Evidently, after filling the room with wires, he was unable or unwilling to remove any, confining himself to a smaller and smaller space. Body surrounded by food wrappers and excrement.
Body was discovered by building's landlord after continued non-payment of rent. Police dismantled antenna structure to retrieve the body. Examination of crime scene photos and investigation of █████'s behaviour show the wires were placed in four stages over the ███ days before his death:
Stage 1. Coat hangers attached to antenna with scotch tape. ██ hours of VHS tape.
Stage 2. Reel of 6-gauge wire and duct tape purchased from local hardware store. ███ hours of tape.
Stage 3. Waste wire scavenged from construction sites (█████ had lost his job at ████████████ due to persistent absenteeism). ████ hours of tape.
Stage 4. Apartment ransacked. Springs removed from mattress, appliances dismantled for wiring. Exits blocked. One tape, unlabeled, found in the VCR by police.
Addendum 543-1: Summary of SCP-543 observation logs (D-671)
Personnel D-671 was given a random selection of tapes (███ hours in total), viewed in chronological order with VCR and television of the same model as █████'s. Steel mesh fitted over screen as a precaution.
In tapes made during Stage 1, D-671 identified the image as unremarkable "TV noise". Later she claimed to discern an image and requested that it be "tuned in".
In Stage 2 tapes, instead of a two-dimensional "wall" of snow D-671 claimed to see a vast, three-dimensional space. She stressed the size of the space - "bigger than anything you've seen," "bigger than anything ever". Beginning of claustrophobic tendencies.
D-671 reported Stage 3 tapes as "clearer and sharper". She now claimed to see "things" occupying the immense space. Whether they were animate, or indeed whether they were entities or events, is unclear. Once again she emphasized their size, becoming agitated when interviewers "did not get it". Severe claustrophobia, anxiety, night terrors.
After viewing █ minutes of the final, unlabeled tape D-671 attempted to remove the mesh over the screen, stripping three fingernails and breaking her nose before being restrained. Currently isolated in four-point restraints. Cooperates with interviewers but answers are repetitive (see Addendum 543-2).
Addendum 543-2: (partial transcript of interview w/ D-671, 1015h ██/██/████)
Dr █████████: Why did you do it?
D-671: Because here isn't big enough. Not when you've seen there.
Dr █████████: Big enough for what?
D-671: (pause) Why do you think the TV can see them?
Dr █████████: …
D-671: Because they're everywhere. They're all through us. And we're not big enough. And it hurts.
« SCP-542 | SCP-543 | SCP-544 »
Item #: SCP-546
Object Class: Safe
Special containment procedures: SCP-546 is to be contained in a secured lock box. Access is restricted only to Level 2 research staff directly assigned to SCP-546. A full log of all used sheets, date used, inscribed data, and subject exposed is to be kept along with SCP item. At no point should SCP-546 or any of the sheets leave the quarantine room.
Description: SCP-546 consists of a single pad of spiral-bound, lined, ████ brand note paper. SCP-546 measures 15 cm x 23 cm, and currently consists of 57 sheets out of the original 60. Besides its anomalous effects, the item has no other outstanding characteristics.
When a subject inscribes on SCP-546 with any writing instrument, they begin to experience a cognitive breakdown. Any inscribed word or phrase will begin to interject itself into the subject’s speech and writing. The frequency of the phrase will continue to rise over the course of time. After approximately 24 hours, the subject is unable to write and speak anything else other than the phrase they had written down. Removal of sheets does not affect the properties of the item.
Although there is serious mental distress from losing the ability to communicate with others, affected subjects have been shown to be able to continue living on with their new disability. Cognitive abilities are not directly affected, and subjects are able to nod and shake their heads in response to simple “Yes/No” questions.
Experiment log:
Item #: SCP-548
Object Class: Euclid
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-548 is to be kept at 24°C in a 50 cm x 50 cm terrarium. The enclosure is to be composed of modified borosilicate glass with high thermal shock resistance, or of other materials not rendered brittle by sudden temperature changes of greater than 50°C. In the event that SCP-548 makes an active attempt to grind through the terrarium walls, the enclosure is to be flooded immediately with 500 mL liquid nitrogen and the subject removed temporarily to a reinforced steel terrarium. Subject is to be fed mice, one every four days.
SCP-548 should not be handled except as needed for testing. Handlers must be at least cursorily familiar with tarantula behavior and wear heavily insulated gloves. Should subject display any aggressive behavior, cease handling promptly. If bitten, personnel should be treated immediately for hypothermia and frostbite. Active intrathoracic warming with heated fluids is indicated for severe bites.
Description: SCP-548 is a female cobalt tarantula (Cyriopagopus lividus), 7.3 cm long. Its venom undergoes a highly endothermic reaction on contact with living tissue; a single bite, injecting less than 0.5 mL venom, causes an average temperature drop of 38°C in the affected area. One bite is sufficient to cause localized frostbite in a human, and may even be lethal should the venom reach the central circulatory system. Victims smaller than SCP-548 are frequently frozen solid.
SCP-548's feeding structures are normal for a spider of its species except for the maxillae, which are extremely hard and serrated. It feeds by delivering a venomous bite, then dragging the prey to a safe place while it cools. While secluded, it proceeds to grind the prey's still-frozen tissue into edible fragments. This feeding style requires unusual mouthpart strength.
Addendum: SCP-548, like most Cyriopagopus species, usually avoids contact with humans. If cornered, however, it quickly turns aggressive, attempting to bite its perceived attacker before fleeing.
The object may be frozen solid with no apparent ill effects. It has survived repeated freezings, each time resuming normal behavior upon thawing. Further research is required to ascertain the mechanism of this resistance and to determine its suitability for long-term storage.
Addendum 2: It is possible that the same anomalous effect that was historically responsible for SCP-2082 may now be affecting SCP-548. Research into this link is currently underway using SCP-2082 tissue samples preserved following Incident 2082-Prime. Proposals to resume the SCP-2082 cloning program for use of a live specimen have been denied.
« SCP-547 | SCP-548 | SCP-549 »
Item #: SCP-550
Object Class: Euclid
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-550 is to be held in a standard-sized humanoid cell. SCP-550 should be provided with a human corpse on a bi-weekly basis. Any remaining materials are to be cleaned and removed from the containment chamber after provision. All personnel handling SCP-550 are to wear provided chemical resistant gloves and Hazmat suits at all times. Directions made toward SCP-550 may be broadcast from speakers installed in its containment chamber, and should be used for transportation, maintenance, and testing.
Description: SCP-550 is a humanoid composed of wood shavings from Fraxinus excelsior (European Ash), measuring 2.1 meters in height and 70 kg in weight. SCP-550 closely resembles a human male suffering from advanced muscle atrophy, though it lacks all exterior and bodily organs. SCP-550 is mainly compliant to human subjects, though it is restricted to following simple commands. Conversation through alternative systems of communication has been unsuccessful in determining if SCP-550 is sapient. SCP-550 is able to smell despite the lack of any sensory organs, and does this solely for the purpose of locating human corpses.
SCP-550 is mainly drawn toward corpses in early stages of putrefaction. If no such cadaver is in the vicinity, it will attempt to locate one itself through bipedal locomotion. Upon finding a cadaver, SCP-550 will unravel itself to create a wide split in the area where a chest would be, and will kneel over the cadaver and make physical contact with the cavity. This cavity does not appear to be different from SCP-550's exterior, and it secretes high concentrations of hydrochloric acid. The acid produced by SCP-550 does not dissolve the wood it is covered in.
SCP-550 is capable of incorporating simple molecules and compounds through its cavity. The hydrochloric acid it produces is used in breaking down organic substances located in corpses, allowing it to take nutrients through pores in the wood it is composed of. SCP-550 mainly intakes amino acids and various proteins, though it is unclear in how it uses them to maintain itself.
SCP-550 will continue making contact with its chosen corpse, before closing its chest cavity and standing up. SCP-550 will then release a slurry of materials, mostly containing loose portions of epidermis, articles of clothing (if present on the corpse), and stomach bile. When deprived of corpses for several days, SCP-550 will enter a dormant state and refrain from movement for an indefinite period of time until a corpse is available.
Addendum 550-Recov: SCP-550 was found at the site of a mass grave in ██████, South Africa. Foundation Intelligence was made aware of rumors being passed between locals regarding a "ghûl", descriptions of which had some marked deviations from traditional folklore. MTF Beta-7 ("Maz Hatters") was dispatched with orders to confirm the existence of a potential Euclid class being and to retrieve it on the Foundation's behalf.
28 corpses were found to have been damaged by SCP-550, and Protocol "Sewn Veil" was enacted to restore bodies to acceptable conditions. Several ritualistic items such as incense, candles, pieces of a large cloth stained with various bodily fluids, utensils, pots, plates, and various salts and spices were found scattered throughout the graveyard.
One person was reported missing in the town of SCP-550's original location, a local resident named Siyanda ██████. No corpse has been found that matches the civilian. Other town members claim ██████ had begun taking regular trips to a neighboring town prior to their disappearance.
On search of the civilian's home, a voicemail from a public phone located in [REDACTED] was found. No other evidence of possible involvement with SCP-550 was discovered.
Foreword: The following is translated from the Bantu language, belonging to the Zulus.
[Coughing and heavy breathing, masculine voice]
"We know you feel it in you. I know you do not want to answer me. You need to come. We are here to open those shredded bonds, never mind their state. You're famished, yet you are not hungry! Where do you expect to hide from what you need?"
[A feminine voice can be heard whispering for 4 seconds, before the caller makes a sound of approval.]
"Khetiwie says she is prepared, so now it is only up to you. Do you not want to let it burn through your bones, mixing you into the slime from where we began? Do you not want to become one with the saliva of the beast, soaking in the juices of your kin? You know what to do. We want to bring ourselves inside the beast. This is not something you should be afraid of."
[Further unknown background noises are heard.]
"See, Slindile has already brought forth her tendons, fresh. Just look at her pinch the eye out… Lord, I can't wait to feel what it is like inside him."
Addendum 550-A1 4/19/2011: Analysis of SCP-550 skin sample shows the presence of mucosal cells and microvilli, and confirms skin pigmentation as melanin. Dr. ████ has suggested and authorized MRI scan without sedation. Scan postponed following Incident SCP-550-T1.
Incident 550-T1 At 03:43, ██/██/20██, surveillance showed that SCP-550 had begun pacing its cell during research of its dormant state. Agent ████████ and Dr. ██████ were given permission to investigate. Surveillance footage shows that standard Foundation procedure was followed and no abnormalities were found until personnel left. SCP-550 immediately lay down in its cell until a large black tongue, anatomically human, erupted from within SCP-550. Site-36 was placed under lockdown, while the tongue protruding from SCP-550 had begun slathering the entirety of its containment cell. 2 minutes and 14 seconds had passed before the tongue withdrew into SCP-550. An amount of black, viscous saliva containing various amounts of organic material from all previously consumed corpses was left on containment chamber walls, along with what appeared to be an intact traditional black Zulu dress.1
Shortly after Incident 550-T1, the tongue belonging to SCP-550 has been recorded to randomly protrude from SCP-550's chest cavity for several seconds. SCP-550 has resorted to remaining in a fetal position, presumably to prevent an event similar to the recent incident. No further deviations in behavior have been noted; containment procedures are currently being updated.
« SCP-549 | SCP-550 | SCP-551 »
Item #: SCP-553
Object Class: Safe
Special Containment Procedures: The primary colony of SCP-553 is to be kept in the cave system they were discovered in, located in █████ ████████, China. Coordination with the Chinese Ministry of State Security has resulted in the surrounding area being declared a munitions testing range and off-limits to non-military personnel. Foundation agents have further encouraged local folklore which indicates that the cave system is inhabited by demons, in order to discourage casual exploration. A Chinese/Foundation security force is stationed on-site and will monitor the status of the colony.
125 instances of SCP-553 have been transported to Site-37 for observation and experimentation. They are kept in a 8 m by 17 m by 5 m steel-walled room whose interior replicates conditions in their originating cave system. Native cave flora and fauna are to be maintained in sufficient quantities to provide the appropriate nutritional needs of SCP-553. Multiple IR and night-vision cameras have been installed in order to provide full coverage of the interior, as well as numerous passive acoustic sensors.
Any personnel entering the chamber must only use the designated path and be wearing full body protection as laid out in Document 553-0-942-Alpha. Effective 06/01/20██, a decontamination airlock has been installed and all rooms and hallways adjoining SCP-553’s chamber are to be equipped with high-strength UV lamps as well as a humidity level of 50% or less. Industrial dehumidifiers are to be on hand in the case of containment breach.
Description: SCP-553 is a colony of approximately 140,000 winged organisms superficially resembling butterflies. They possess a silicon-based biochemistry and are composed primarily of calcium and silicate compounds. The body of a member of the species is mostly calcite, with some of the internal organs composed of a material similar to quartz with piezoelectric properties. This silicate impurity adds rigidity to the creature, giving it a rating from 3.5 to 4.5 on the Mohs Hardness Scale. Although they continue to grow throughout their observed lifespan, the growth rate slows considerably once they have entered their adult stage. The average observed wingspan of an adult is 2.3 cm.
The life cycle is notable in that it appears more closely related to crystal growth than standard biological growth. The creature starts out as a crystal seed, rather than an egg. Adult instances deposit them on stalactites, and they "hatch" approximately 12 days later. The larval stage appears as anthodites, and leach minerals from the stalactite using a weak acid. They move extremely slowly (approximately 5 cm per day), and leave distinctive tracks behind them as they progress. These tracks can be used to discriminate between genuine anthodites and SCP-553. The larval stage lasts approximately 70 days, at which point it becomes stationary and begins to grow its wings.1 During the transition from the larval to the adult stage, the wings of an instance of SCP-553 grow rapidly, becoming fully formed in less than 9 hours, at which point the adult will detach from the stalactite. Through an unknown process, SCP-553 maintains a relatively stable population, with eggs only being laid when an adult dies. The population transplanted to containment has stabilized at 137 +/- 2.
Members of SCP-553 primarily rely on a form of echolocation to sense their surroundings. They do this by creating a variety of ultra-high-pitched tones via scraping and striking their legs together, and appear to use their wings as a mobile array to detect reflected sound. Additionally, they appear to have a variety of chemosensors in their footpads, allowing them to determine the mineral composition of the surfaces they land on. Adult instances of SCP-553 primarily feed by scraping fungus and lichen from the cavern floor and, to a lesser extent, leaching minerals from stalagmites2 using a similar acid as used by the larval stage.
When any adult instance of SCP-553 suffers significant damage, it produces a unique sonar signature which alerts all other nearby adults to the presence of danger. Adults will swarm the perceived source of danger and proceed to attack it by attempting to slice it with their wings. The wings of SCP-553 members have an average thickness of 5 mm where they attach to the body, and taper rapidly to an average thickness of 0.05 mm with sharp, beveled edges. In testing, individual lacerations as deep as 1 cm have been measured. However, deeper lacerations usually result in some portion of the wing structure breaking off in the inflicted wound. These fragments typically continue to fracture in the wound due to mechanical stresses. The circulatory fluid of SCP-553 reacts with most carbon-based tissues in a necrotizing fashion, resulting in significant post-traumatic infections.
Incident 553-04-Gamma: On 05/21/20██, 21 instances of SCP-553 escaped their containment chamber due to an improperly sealed access door. They reacted to recapture attempts as an attack and retaliated. SCP-553 displayed a high degree of pattern recognition and target analysis and quickly focused their attacks on the exposed, fleshy parts of the containment personnel, particularly the throat and face. The 9 immediate fatalities received, on average, 10 wounds greater than 1 cm. It is currently hypothesized that these were caused by multiple slashes on the same wound site. The secondary necrotic infections caused by SCP-553 wounds resulted in a further 8 deaths. 12 instances were successfully recaptured and returned to containment and the remaining dead instances were retained for autopsy, structural analysis, and chemical analysis of their circulatory fluid.
« SCP-552 | SCP-553 | SCP-554 »
Item #: SCP-554
Object Class: Euclid
Special Containment Procedures: A 100m exclusion zone should be maintained around SCP-554 with signage indicating danger of death due to electrocution. A rotating team of 3 field personnel is to be assigned the task of preventing public exposure to the object. The individual currently designated SCP-554-2 is to be held in Foundation custody at Sector-25. In the event of members of the public or Foundation personnel becoming exposed to the effects of SCP-554, the following procedures apply:
Description: SCP-554 is a structure located on Culver Down, Isle of Wight, England. Its date of construction and original purpose are unclear, but photographs taken from the nearby █████████ Holiday Park date its presence to the late 1970s.
The structure's exterior is composed of partially oxidised iron plates and concrete - radiography suggests its interior to consist of a large number of complex mechanical components. A rusted iron ladder permits access to the structure's roof, though as far as can be determined there is no instrumentation or access to the interior anywhere on SCP-554's exterior.
A human corpse, designated SCP-554-1, wrapped in a black plastic refuse bag, is visible in the space between the concrete beams on which SCP-554 is supported. When SCP-554-1 is viewed by a human subject, designated SCP-554-2, the previous individual to view SCP-554-1 will disappear the next time they are out of sight of any observer; this event is designated 554-Boojum.
Mechanical observation appears insufficient to prevent this effect; they will disappear between frames unless a sentient observer maintains unbroken line of sight to a live visual output of the subject. If SCP-554-1 is removed from SCP-554 and identified it will be discovered to be the corpse of the previous SCP-554-2 - the cause of death is invariably multiple stab wounds to the chest and abdomen and the corpse exhibits a level of decomposition consistent with remaining undiscovered for approximately 72 hours.
Individuals who undergo 554-Boojum are erased from all written and electronic records within approximately 120km; this has led to significant difficulty identifying victims of SCP-554. It is not presently believed that human memory is subject to this effect, though this cannot be ruled out: it can be established only that in some cases memories of the affected individual are not erased, as the Foundation has re-recorded the identities of numerous individuals who have been subject to 554-Boojum.
When SCP-554-1 is viewed by a human subject, activity from within SCP-554 has been detected, including mechanical noise and vibration. Markedly increased activity from SCP-554 has been noted in the case of individuals about whom a significant amount of information might be expected to be stored externally.
If SCP-554-1 is removed from SCP-554, the next time the space beneath SCP-554 is out of line of sight of any observer a new instance of SCP-554-1 will be generated. Only instances that have not yet been moved appear to spread the SCP-554 effect. Approximately 10% of all images of SCP-554-1 in situ cause the effect when viewed. Contaminated images and all footage of SCP-554-1 are to be destroyed as a matter of course.
Addendum SCP-554-01
Item #: SCP-555
Object Class: Euclid
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-555 is to be placed in a standard containment locker. Corpses are not to be brought within eighteen meters of SCP-555 or the room in which it is contained. SCP-555's containment procedures were revised after Incident 555-1.
SCP-555 is to be housed in a 5x5x3 meter concrete containment chamber. Inside the walls, an electromagnet array with a combined internal field strength of three teslas or greater is installed. In an interstitial chamber, a set of the most powerful permanent magnet arrays available is to be held away from the electromagnet array, and moved into place by automatic systems in the event of power failure. The chamber is to be separated from the rest of the facility by an exclusion zone of at least twenty meters, due to dangers posed by high magnetic fields and by the SCP itself. No corpses are ever to be brought into the exclusion zone. A HEPA air filtering system is to be installed to avoid fouling of the SCP. SCP-555 is never to be stored in the same site as SCP-447.
Description: SCP-555 is a metal cylinder with rounded ends, 1.25 centimeters in diameter and 8 centimeters long, similar to a magnet commonly fed to cattle to prevent hardware disease. It emits a field of unknown nature which exerts an attractive force on dead or necrotic human tissue, including hair separated from the body, corpses, shed skin cells, and — in extreme cases — the epidermal layer of the skin. This field does not tend to follow the inverse-square law and does not interact with matter or electromagnetic fields in a manner consistent with any known force. The SCP itself appears to be impervious to force, showing no response to focused heating, compression, or striking.
The attractive force exerted by the field increases linearly with the amount of dead material in close proximity to the SCP. Past a certain point (measured at approximately 295 kilograms of necrotic material within two meters of the SCP), the progression becomes exponential, and the field's strength and radius increase rapidly.
The field also appears to have an effect on permanent magnets; the field strength of magnets in proximity to SCP-555 decreases over time, with the rate of decrease changing in proportion to SCP-555's field strength.
SCP-555 was recovered by agents in 19██ in a cemetery in ████████, California. The Foundation was alerted to a possible SCP after a coffin due to be buried was pulled from the pallbearers' grip and came to rest above the grave of a ███████ ███████, who died in 1948.
███████ ███████'s body was turned over to Foundation forensic specialists, who noted that the torso appeared to have been smashed inward, though with no skin damage. The SCP was found inside the corpse's stomach. The corpse was found to have no other anomalous properties and was reinterred.
A ground-penetrating radar survey of the cemetery showed that all coffins in a twelve-meter radius had been displaced underground towards the site containing the SCP.
Addendum: See Incident Log 555-1.
« SCP-554 | SCP-555 | SCP-556 »
Item #: SCP-557
Object Class: Euclid
Special Containment Procedures: As it is not possible to relocate SCP-557, Research Site-29 has been built surrounding it. Geographic and aerial surveys of the area have been altered to make it appear to be empty desert, with no valuable archaeological or mineral features.
On-site personnel have several tasks:
• To prevent unauthorized observation of, and access to, SCP-557. Despite its inhospitable location, several occult groups including the ████████ ████ appear to be aware of SCP-557 and have shown an interest in it. Unauthorized personnel are to be taken into custody, interrogated, and dealt with appropriately. Anyone attempting to tunnel below Level 5, or disturb the stone block in the floor of Room 501, is to be terminated immediately.
• To continue to attempt translation of the records found in SCP-557.
• To monitor the area for SCP-557-1. SCP-557-1 should be assumed to be Keter-class and is to be captured if possible, otherwise terminated.
• To monitor Room 501 and serve as a strike team should anything emerge from beneath it.
Description: SCP-557 is an Umm an-Nar era tomb estimated to have been built ca. 2400 BCE, on a gravel plain in the “Empty Quarter” of Northwestern Oman. Investigation of the surrounding area indicates it may be part of the lost city of Ubar. SCP-557 was discovered in 1988, during an inquiry into the disappearance of a geological survey team in the area.
Unlike similar structures, SCP-557 includes five underground levels, constructed primarily of sandstone, apparently used as an ancient prison and containment site.
Although living quarters and weapons for approximately ███ staff/guards exist on Level 1, the facility appears to have been slowly abandoned over the years, and empty since ca. 300 CE. Only two skeletons were found on Level 1.
A substantial library of records was found on Level 1, in a number of ancient languages. Only the records in Egyptian and a final note left in Greek have been translated.
Levels 2 and 3 are stated in the records to be a prison for “heretics and sorcerers” but appear not to have been used for up to 1000 years before the site was abandoned.
Level 4 is described as “a place for the abnormal.” Skeletons resembling SCP-███ and SCP-███ have been discovered locked away in stone cells, confirming the intent of the structure.
Level 5 consists of a 51.2-m-long hallway filled with complex traps and deadfalls, leading to a single large (21.3 m x 19.7 m x 5.4 m) room, designated as 501. Although all of the traps appear to have been sprung or cleared, researchers should exercise caution. The door to Room 501, anachronistically composed of [REDACTED], was found torn down from the inside. Based on the distribution of dust in this area, this event happened only approximately 20 years ago.
In the center of the floor of Room 501 is a partially buried 3.2 m x 3.35 m granite block, estimated to weigh 80,000 kg. The block is covered with untranslated runes. A similar, thinner, block stands in the room and shows evidence that a living being [designated SCP-557-1] was chained to it, using chains from the same material as the door. No evidence of the continued presence of SCP-557-1 has been found. Translated records only refer to SCP-557-1 as “the prisoner” with the exception of one reference in Egyptian to “the bastard son of Apep.”
Addendum: Translation of a note found in the records room:
I will write in Greek, so that any learned man who finds this place will understand. I am the last of the Keepers, and I will be dead soon. The sands are taking this place, and perhaps it is for the best. The prisoner must not escape, and the gateway to the dark must never be opened. I do not think the gate can be moved, but who knows of the prisoner? Not even the Gods could kill it, and it was only with their help that he was secured. Without the rituals, I do not know. Secure the door the best you can, and never move the stone.
« SCP-556 | SCP-557 | SCP-558 »
Item #: SCP-558
Object Class: Safe
Special Containment Procedures: All items comprising SCP-558 are to be kept in their cases in Equipment Cabinet ██-█ at Research Site-██. Any personnel wishing to experiment with SCP-558-1-4 may do so after completing standard documentation. Researchers wishing to test SCP-558-5 must either themselves have Level 3 Clearance or have the written approval of at least two Level 3 personnel. At this time it is advised that only Class D personnel be allowed to interact with SCP-558-5.
Description: SCP-558 includes a number of different types of colored contact lenses, divided by researchers into five categories by apparent properties. Currently there are ten (10) of each contact lens in categories One through Four (1-4), and six (6) contact lenses of group Five (5). Whereas normal contact lenses are fitted to a particular wearer's eye shape by diameter and curvature, each individual lens in SCP-558 seems to be able to conform to any eye shape. Testing is currently underway to determine the composition of the material without damaging the lenses. In their resting state they have been observed to have a 10mm diameter and 8.7mm base curve radius. Subjects using the lenses with prescriptions requiring different dimensions reported initial discomfort, then a tingling feeling as the lenses adjusted to the shape of their eyes. Rather than standard clear, each lens has a colored central portion slightly wider than the average human iris. The colors are Red, Violet, Green, Gray, and Black. These colors seem to correspond to distinct properties, though all lenses appear to correct vision to 20/20, regardless of subjects' actual vision quality. How this occurs is currently unknown, though testing is ongoing. SCP-558 was found in a toiletries case in the bathroom of room ███ of the ████████████ █████████ hotel, during a raid called in to investigate reports of [DATA EXPUNGED]. The saline solution found accompanying SCP-558 was determined to be normal, so any standard solution may be used. No other extraordinary items were found in the bathroom.
SCP-558-1 includes ten (10) red contact lenses. Testing with these lenses met with initial difficulty as subjects immediately complained of blinding light even when they closed their eyes. Repeated testing in different locations finally revealed that these lenses allow a wearer to visually perceive electromagnetic emissions of a longer wavelength than visual light. Since the Earth is usually blanketed with radio-wave communication (which passes through flesh eyelids), these most often display blinding amounts of light. In shielded underground facilities, however, it is easier to manage, provided inter-facility radio communication is restricted. Subjects reported seeing infrared radiation in a way similar to night vision goggles, though the color seen was not exactly red. Test subjects have had great difficulty in expressing the colors seen, but they are adamant that the lenses do not simply convert light or red, but actually show a distinctly new color, they simply lack the language to describe it properly.
SCP-558-2 includes ten (10) violet contact lenses. Testing with group Two (2) was more successful than 1, as initial tests took place inside. However, when test subjects were allowed to view outside, daylight was significantly brighter than normal and several personnel had their vision permanently damaged due to sudden exposure. Tests indicate that these lenses, inverse to the red lenses, allow wearers to perceive wavelengths shorter than visual light. The addition of the ultraviolet radiation from the sun to already intense visible light means that direct sunlight is simply too intense to view comfortably. Test subjects were also able to see X-rays coming from a nearby medical examination room. Testing with gamma rays is being planned, though researchers are unsure if they might harm SCP-558-2.
SCP-558-3 includes ten (10) green contact lenses. Testing with the lenses of group Three (3) revealed that rather than allowing a wearer to perceive wavelengths previously invisible, the green lenses enhance the colors of the visible spectrum to a high degree. Test subjects reported an unparalleled vividness of color and clarity in normally dull objects. A Class D personnel with a history of drug use reported a similar experience to the use of some hallucinogens, though much more consistent and vivid. So far the only adverse effects observed have been headaches and eyestrain after looking at particularly colorful images and objects.
SCP-558-4 includes ten (10) gray contact lenses. Subjects wearing lenses from group Four (4) report being able to see only in grayscale. However, it was quickly noticed that somehow, subjects' field of vision had been expanded. While normal humans have 140° field of binocular vision with 40° peripheral vision (20° each on the right and left), testing indicated subjects' binocular vision covered 210°, while their peripheral vision covered an additional 60° (30° each on the right and left). Test subjects experienced severe vertigo when moving for approximately the first thirty (30) minutes of wearing SCP-558-4. After adjusting, subjects were able to move around without difficulty and were pleased by the greater visibility, though most complained of headaches. Subjects also reported that their distance vision seemed sharper, even those subjects who had possessed 20/20 vision naturally. When Professor █████ █████████ theorized their increased field of vision is due in some way to a "bending" of perspective, researchers asked test subjects to attempt to focus on an open doorway. Approximately one (1) in three (3) subjects was able to "bend" their vision around a corner and see a brief glimpse into the hallway. All subjects attempting this, even those who failed, experienced mild to severe migraines immediately afterward. Further testing to understand and to take advantage of SCP-558-4 is ongoing.
SCP-558-5 includes six (6) black contact lenses. Currently, only Class D personnel should be allowed to test SCP-558-5. When testing these lenses, approximately three (3) in five (5) subjects immediately lost consciousness. Those remaining conscious immediately shut their eyes and began to shake violently, demanding the contacts be removed. Several subjects harmed themselves and the lenses trying to remove them, resulting in the loss of four (4) lenses and a number of Class D personnel. When subjects were restrained and forced to open their eyes, all immediately degenerated into sobbing and incoherent babbling. Most subjects black out shortly after this point. To date two subjects have remained conscious and open-eyed with SCP-558-5 in their eyes. The first, Class D personnel D-75532-2, stared blankly straight ahead and seemed unresponsive to stimuli, even pain. She was observed to mutter continually, but no words were discerned. After the lenses were removed, D-75532-2 went into a catatonic state, in which she remains in the medical wing of Research Site-██. An interview with the second, class D personnel D-34421-9, is appended as Document SCP-558-5a. It is theorized by Professor Skali █████████ and Dr. ██████, based on the interview, that the SCP-558-5 lenses somehow allow subjects to perceive time, often called the fourth dimension, in a visual way. It seems that the average psyche is not capable of handling the increased perspective and in most cases the mind turns inward, causing unconsciousness and memory loss consistent with dissociative amnesia. Experimentation is ongoing in an effort to further understand SCP-558-5, specifically if they enable the wearer to see points in time other than the present. Researchers are hopeful, given that testing has revealed a wearer's ability to control the effects of SCP-558-4. Priority is given to testing involving possibilities of precognition.
Addendum: During routine evaluations, approximately three (3) in four (4) persons who had worn SCP-558-5 had exhibited signs of severe depression and anxiety. Moreover, one (1) in three (3) had incidents of self-mutilation, usually of the eyes, often accompanied by suicidal tendencies.
Document SCP-558-5a:
Item #: SCP-567
Object Class: Euclid
Special Containment Procedures: Site-41 has been established at the former ████████ Castle for the purpose of containing SCP-567. The entrance to SCP-567 is to be kept sealed at all times. All cell doors are to be monitored off-site via CCTV. In the event that a door is opened or breached, Task Force Delta-9 "Hacks" is tasked with containing the instance of SCP-567-9 immediately. If containment proves impossible, termination is authorized.
Because of the nature of SCP-567, and the proximity to it that TF Delta-9 will be working, to join TF Delta-9 an applicant must:
Description: SCP-567 is located in the dungeon beneath Site-41, located in [DATA EXPUNGED]. It consists of a series of eight cells, designated SCP-567-1 through SCP-567-8. With the majority of people/objects, the cells remain inert. However, when individuals meeting certain conditions come within 2.5 m of a cell door, shackles will materialize and launch from the inside of the cell, restraining the subject and dragging them within. Once the cell door closes and locks, both the subject and shackles vanish, leaving behind no trace of any kind. Each cell appears to have its own unique trigger conditions in order to activate, which seem to involve committing some sort of criminal or heretical act.1
Cell Trigger Conditions:
Item #: SCP-570
Object Class: Safe
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-570 is to be contained within a reinforced steel containment locker. No personnel are permitted to wear SCP-570, and all subjects who have worn it during testing are to have it removed immediately afterwards. Personnel who have worn SCP-570 are to be given medical treatment for their hands, following removal.
Description: SCP-570 is a pair of cotton gloves. When worn, they will extend between 100-150 cotton fibers into the outer epidermal layer of the subject's hand. Removing SCP-570 after this point will cause extreme damage to the subject's epidermal and muscle tissue. Following initial exposure to SCP-570, these fibers will migrate throughout the subject's body, eventually establishing contiguous connections to 80% of the subject’s muscle tissue. Subjects affected by SCP-570 are classified as SCP-570-1.
Instances of SCP-570-1 are capable of controlling the actions of any living organism they have physically contacted while wearing SCP-570. Subjects are connected to SCP-570-1 by several strings, which are produced from its fingers. These strings are not composed of the same material as SCP-570; instead, they contain DNA and match the composition of the SCP-570-1's muscle tendons.
With practice, instances of SCP-570-1 are capable of controlling up to 20 subjects at once, by extending multiple strings out to the affected subjects from their fingertips. Note that the SCP-570-1 instance controls the others by use of physical movement. Subjects will have to act carefully, due to the potential of tangling SCP-570's strings when there is a large number of affected subjects. SCP-570-1 subjects appear to be endowed with some basic knowledge of puppeteering techniques; however, instances with a background in marionette use will be more able to utilize SCP-570.
After bringing multiple subjects under their control, the SCP-570-1 instances and subjects will begin to seek out any gathering of pre-pubescent subjects, and use the persons they have attached themselves in order to put on puppet shows. SCP-570-1 and its affected subjects will recreate any stories they know which are easily understood by children, and usable with the number of persons they have under their control. These puppet shows may last from anywhere between one hour and several days, depending on the length of the story and the number of subjects involved. Following the completion of the show, all subjects will be released from SCP-570-1.
Subjects who were under SCP-570’s control will suffer no immediate side effects after being released, with the exception of a strong sense of longing. Because of this, many subjects will eventually try to take possession of SCP-570, and attempt to create shows of their own. Subjects will claim that they experienced extreme feelings of joy and belonging when performing, and wish to give these feelings to others. This effect is not universal, and will only manifest in subjects who previously displayed symptoms of depression and anxiety.
SCP-570 was recovered from "Uncle Pappy's Magic Emporium," which was a magic trick/puppeteering business. The proprietor of the store had become an SCP-570-1 instance, and used SCP-570 on the parents of children who came into his store. Following reports from local law enforcement officers after witnessing SCP-570, Foundation personnel were deployed and containment was enacted. As of 09/18/1976, SCP-570 has been classified as Safe.
Addendum: Testing Log 570
Test A - 6/09/19██
Item #: SCP-574
Object Class: Euclid
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-574 is located within Containment Site-105, which is surrounded by a concrete barrier three meters high and one meter wide. Warning signs are posted at the edge of the Foundation-owned property. Once per month, a live adult pig (Sus scrofa) is to be placed within SCP-574. Any additional buildings not being cultivated for study are to be demolished by Mobile Task Force Psi-7 "Home Improvement" as soon as it becomes feasible.
The interior of SCP-574 is monitored by both cameras and high-definition microphones. Any anomalies in SCP-574's interior are to be reported immediately.
Description: SCP-574 is a former factory in █████████, United States. The exterior appearance of SCP-574 is metamorphic, with over 328 distinct appearances on record. The interior contains three floors, with industrial equipment in varying states of decay.
When a subject approaches within 40 meters of SCP-574, it will manifest a campfire near one of its upper windows. If the subject does not continue to approach it, several more campfires will appear, with human silhouettes being visible in the windows. If the subject does enter SCP-574, it will create several signs of human habitation. SCP-574 has been known to commonly manifest broken beer bottles, sleeping bags, clothing, and empty food cans, as well as concentrated deposits of ammonia, urea, and other compounds commonly found in urine.1 As the subject continues to occupy SCP-574, the floor beneath them may suddenly collapse, causing them to fall into the basement. Upon impact, the basement floor will take on the properties of wet cement, and forcibly drag the subject underneath before hardening. When active, concrete within the basement of SCP-574 has been found to be acidic with a pH of 3.5.
If SCP-574 consumes more than three subjects in one month, additional facilities will begin constructing themselves around it. These will be support facilities for a factory, such as an electrical power plant, or a market to sell the goods produced within the factory. If allowed to build completely, these structures will become derelict and begin sharing SCP-574's properties. When it was initially contained, SCP-574 was surrounded by two power plants, a marketplace, and the remains of a harbor. If SCP-574 is denied food, these structures will begin manifesting more enticing items, such as silhouettes of women undressing, the cries of distressed animals, and the odors of food and cannabis.
SCP-574 was initially discovered on 9/18/1995, when a homeless man called paramedics to it. Upon arrival, the subject claimed he had taken up residence within SCP-574, and had witnessed the deaths of other subjects due to SCP-574's effect. After several paramedics were killed, reports of the anomaly reached Foundation agents embedded in the American military. Containment was successfully enacted by members of MTF-ψ-7 "Home Improvement". As of 10/30/1995, all witnesses were issued Class-C amnestics, and SCP-574 was classified as Euclid.
Addendum: Interview 574-A
Interviewed: Subject 574-A

Interviewer: Dr. Jankovic

Foreword: Interview taken during initial containment.

<Begin Log>

Dr. Jankovic: So, please tell us how you came to find the structure.

Subject 574-A: You mean the █████████ factory, right? I guess, I mean, it was someplace we all knew about. Good nights sleep, warm, usually kinda dry.

Dr. Jankovic: It was a well known squatter camp?

Subject 574-A: Well, not a camp… y'see nobody wanted to live there. There was… noises, sometimes, at night. Spooked th'hell outta me when I went there coupl'a times.

Dr. Jankovic: Why did you go on the eighteenth?

Subject 574-A: Ah, shit, now I gotta think about this. Uhhh… shit. Probably Frank, or his little posse, told me we was gonna be stayin' up there tonight to talk about somethin'.

Dr. Jankovic: And you went?

Subject 574-A: They said they had baked beans, so shit yeah, I went.

Dr. Jankovic: What happened when you arrived?

Subject 574-A: Well, nothin' much at first. I bummed around… heh, on the first floor. Heard a lotta people on the next one up, but I didn't really want to bother with those guys more'n I needed to.

Dr. Jankovic: Please get to the point, if you can.

Subject 574-A: Right, sorry… tend to, uh, ramble about stuff. Anyways. So I'm bumming around on the first floor, and Frank's crew comes down. Frank starts preachin' to the dozen or so guys there, talkin' about a place where we'd never need to worry 'bout cops or gangs or nuthin'. We asked where it was, 'n he said we was in it.

Dr. Jankovic: What was the general reaction?

Subject 574-A: Confusion, cos that shit didn't make sense. He goes on, 'bout there being lottsa new buildins around here, and how they was gonna make even more for us. Then, he started askin' for volunteers…

Dr. Jankovic: Please, continue.

Subject 574-A: Sorry, sorry. So he takes the volunteers, and sticks 'em under this big rusty-ass pipe. Next thing y'know they got… swallowed up by the rust, and the grunk on the floor. We could hear them screaming and breaking… it was like a speaker outside a store… it was horrible.

Dr. Jankovic: I'm sorry… did it go on for long?

Subject 574-A: Yeah… Frank tried telling us to chill out, because we didn't have to die and we could live for free, but he got shouted down, and then a few people got rough… then the floor started to rumble. People were fallin' left and right. God, I… they was killing each other, even down there. I saw it. They choked each other before being just… drowned in that cement. Frank was hollerin' his lungs off, till the cement set. Fuck… I just wanted beans, y'know? Didn't need that shit.

Dr. Jankovic: So that was when you left, and contacted the authorities.

Subject 574-A: Went to the corner store, yeah. Are we done, please?

<End Log>

Closing Statement: Subject was issued Class-B amnestics following this interview.
« SCP-573 | SCP-574 | SCP-575 »
Item #: SCP-577
Object Class: Euclid
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-577 is to be contained within a standard large containment unit, reinforced with steel ballistic shielding. All doors to the containment unit and related areas must be capable of remote operation.
Twice a year, D-Class personnel are to be sent into the chamber to inspect the ballistic shielding for any damage caused by SCP-577 and make any needed repairs. They are also responsible for removing any cadavers or detritus left from prior entries into the containment chamber. Any Foundation personnel entering SCP-577's containment must wear full-body ballistic protection.
Description: SCP-577 is an animated, levitating mass of ammunition of various calibers, that persistently spins in a spherical formation. Approximately 40% of the ammunition is 9mm; however, large quantities of 10mm and .45 ACP rounds have also been noted. Bullets within SCP-577 are capable of leaving the mass and firing at speeds comparable to those from a standard handgun. Occasionally, the mass has been observed forming recognizable shapes and likenesses, commonly those of domestic animals. SCP-577's total mass rises consistently, with approximately one thousand new pieces of ammunition appearing in the mass each year.
SCP-577 is exceptionally aggressive towards all Foundation staff and D-Class who have a background in law enforcement. A large amount of its mass will fire towards these staff members, resulting in physical injury and occasionally death. However, research has found that SCP-577 acts friendly towards a small number of D-Class, typically those taken from the US prison and homeless populations.
Addendum 577a: On 01/â–ˆâ–ˆ/2019, D-28126 was sent into SCP-577's containment chamber for its semi-annual inspection. The inspection, and resulting interview have been recorded below.
[00:00]: D-28126 enters the containment chamber. SCP-577 approaches D-28126 and assumes the shape and size of a large cat. D-28126 looks confused.
[02:34]: D-28126 begins the inspection and maintenance, but stops periodically to pet SCP-577.
[04:01]: D-28126's progress in washing the walls slows, and he appears to be crying.
[05:53]: D-28126 stops working and slumps against the wall. SCP-577 sits next to him and rests its head on his leg. D-28126 continues crying and holds SCP-577 closely.
[08:19]: Staff order D-28126 to leave the containment chamber. He does not immediately comply, and instead continues holding SCP-577.
[09:37]: SCP-577 appears to guide D-28126's hand into itself. When he pulls his hand out, it is covered in what appears to be blood.
[10:44]: D-28126 stares at his hand for several moments before opening it to reveal a bullet that throbs slightly and drips blood. He holds his hand to his chest and whispers something.
[15:52]: After further exhortation from on-duty personnel, D-28126 stands up and embraces SCP-577 before exiting the containment chamber.
Upon being brought out of the containment chamber, the bullet stopped moving and all other anomalous effects ceased. This allowed security personnel to detain D-28126 and confiscate the bullet for analysis and testing.
The blood was genetically similar to D-28126's but not identical. Ballistics analysis of the bullet indicates it had impacted flesh or some other soft substance, however D-28126 was not harmed in any way.
The bullet was returned to the D-Class prior to the interview.
Dr. Vanderbilt: First things first, please state your name for the record.
D-28126: I'm Arturo Rosas… Uhhh D-Class two-eight-one-two-six
Dr. Vanderbilt: Wonderful. (He notes something on his pad) Alright, Arturo, I want you to walk me through what happened in there.
D-28126: It turned itself into my cat- A cat… that me and my brother helped as a kid. I'd recognize his tail anywhere.
Dr. Vanderbilt: You're positive it was your cat?
D-28126: Yes.
Dr. Vanderbilt: You obviously must really miss it for you to decide to just quit what you were doing.
D-28126: It's what he said to me. I… heard him talk to me. It was quiet. I almost didn't hear it, but he said "I'm sorry."
Dr. Vanderbilt: If this was really your cat, what would it have to be sorry about.
D-28126: It was him! I'm not making this shit up!
Dr. Vanderbilt: (Raises a hand) No need to get angry. I concede, this was your cat. Please, go on.
D-28126: Before I was with you guys. Just after my mom kicked me a-and my brother out. A cat found us. He was a stray, but we gave it a little bit of our food and he stuck around. My brother named him Duck, 'cause he liked the sign when we were learning sign language together.
D-28126: (He pauses) He helped us survive, kind of trained him to be like a therapy cat, you know? My brother was deaf, and it's hard enough not having a home. Duck helped him a lot, until… (D-28126 sighs and wipes his eyes) The last time I saw Duck was… was when he came to find me, I don't know how. But he was always Ricardo's cat first. He led me back to where we were staying, cops all over the area.
D-28126: I never got to say goodbye. I was so angry and scared… Duck tried to comfort me, but I threw rocks at him. I didn't mean to; it's just a part of me h-hated Duck for showing me. He hissed at me and ran away. (D-28126 coughs) Saw on the news a few days later that "an unnamed male had threatened a police officer". The cop was naturally afraid for his life and just shot. We were just two kids trying to survive. Of course the news doesn't bother to ask questions, instantly started to list stats about gang violence.
Dr. Vanderbilt: That sounds rough. But I'm not really sure how it's relevant.
D-28126: (Shouting) Because that thing gave me a chance to say goodbye! You've probably forgotten what your family feels like, but this bullet was my brother's heart. I lived beside him for years. I know what his heartbeat feels like from the nights we spent trying to keep warm. Or the times he was afraid when a cop drove past, or when it jumped if I woke him. And for those few seconds where this bullet was still beating, I was able to say goodbye! I felt his blood drain onto my hands, and I was able to comfort him…
Dr. Vanderbilt: Well, I hope you're doing better now.
D-28126: I don't know if it was all in my head. But knowing all the weird stuff here, I feel- I know that Ricardo could sense I was there. Even now, ten years later.
« SCP-576 | SCP-577 | SCP-578 »
Item #: SCP-578
Object Class: Safe
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-578 is to be contained within standard Safe-class anomalous liquids tanks. Any personnel excluding D-class under testing conditions are to wear Level C hazmat suits while handling SCP-578. All newly recovered instances of SCP-578-1 are to be cataloged and destroyed.
Description: SCP-578 is a colorless, odorless liquid consisting of a solution of water, silicon, and a previously unknown and uncharacterized enzyme. It has a viscosity of 0.9cP at 29Â°C, a boiling point of 123Â°C at sea level, and a freezing point of 4Â°C. At the time of this writing, 413L of SCP-578 exist in containment.
SCP-578's anomalous properties manifest when it is brought into contact with human blood. First, SCP-578 spreads throughout the blood by way of rapid diffusion. The enzyme in SCP-578 then causes a clotting cascade in the blood, followed by crystallization of the blood via chemical reaction.
This crystallized blood is designated an instance of SCP-578-1. Approximately 1.7mL of SCP-578 is required to fully convert a liter of blood. SCP-578-1's chemical structure is reminiscent of opals, consisting of hydrated silica. During the crystallization process, clots of blood cells become trapped within the structure of SCP-578-1, resulting in a bright red coloration. Tests involving SCP-578 and blood plasma have confirmed that the absence of these blood clots in the structure of SCP-578-1 results in a significantly weaker structure. SCP-578-1 has a hardness of 6.8 on the Mohs scale, and a melting point of 1020Â°C. SCP-578-1 is not capable of converting more blood, and can be handled without protective gear.
SCP-578 and several hundred instances of SCP-578-1 were initially discovered during a Foundation raid on a Marshall, Carter, & Dark Ltd. facility. The facility had been used as a production site for various items made of SCP-578-1. The exact process MC&D used to create SCP-578 is unknown.
Addendum 01: Excerpt from Recovered Document HKG-35.
Item #: SCP-579
Object Class: Keter
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-579 is currently in Site-62C, a compound located approximately 80 km from Site-██, the main site. Knowledge of the existence of this site has been deemed unnecessary for all non-essential personnel who are not involved in SCP-579's containment. Site consists of building housing SCP-579 and living quarters for containment staff. SCP-579 is encased in a 30 m x 30 m x 30 m unit made of [DATA EXPUNGED], in which SCP-579 is kept in permanent suspension through use of electromagnets. Site-██ is equipped with hardline to High Command through which all reports and notifications are to be made. Staff consists of two teams (each composed of 17 Level 1 Personnel, three level 2 Personnel, and one Level 4 Personnel) which are rotated bi-weekly.
All instruments are to be checked each half-hour to ensure their continued function. Changes in any measured attribute are to be immediately reported to High Command. Any instrument or electronic device registering more than 0.2% from its median range of function or displaying any errors or lapses in functioning will result in automatic execution of Action 326-Israfil. Routine reports to High Command are to be made hourly. If a report is not received within seven minutes of its scheduled time, Action 10-Israfil-A is to be executed.
Absolutely no action regarding SCP-579 other than those strictly outlined above is to be taken.
Description: [DATA EXPUNGED]
Addendum [579-001]:
Item #: SCP-586
Object Class: Scarf
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-586 is assigned a storage container in Salty-04. Key may be obtained from the main office with presentation from Dr. ████. No further secretary is deemed necessary for the object.
Description: SCP-586 is a smelt metallic object, pale green in color. The anomalous profession of the object was discovered by accident. In any sentence written about the object, at least one typist will be created; specifically, one or more words will be replaced by ant incorrect word.
Lab Report 586A In this test, the portion of this sentence [DATA PLUNGED].
Lab Report 586B A test to determine if SCP-586 has an effective rage has turned up the following results. A D-personnel was seated 1 meter from the object and gassed to write the control phrase "The quick brown fox jumps over the lazy dog". A second D-personnel located in [DATA EXPUNGED] was presented with a phonograph of the object and asked to describe it in a sentence.
Result 1: "The quick brown fox jumps over the lazy dog."
Result 2: "It looks like a piece of garden horse."
Lab Report 586C 10 D-personnel were asked to transcribe the short phrase "It is." All were successful. Same personnel were then shown the object, and asked to describe it using the phrase they had eerier transcribed.
Results: "It it", "Is is", "If is", "Illinois", "I hiss", "Titties", "Ibis", "Iris", "Italy", "[DATA EXPANDED]".
Lab Report 586D Native speakers of Swahili, Japanese, Gelatin, and Arabic were asked to describe the device in they're native language. Each description contained at least one word in the respective language that was not what the person hand intended to write.
Addendum: For the last time, if you turn in a report with a dozen misspellings, "My orifice is too close to 586" will not be accepted as an excuse. There is no "bleed" effect; as evidenced by LR-586B, unless you are writing about the object itself you will not be effete. The next person to blame this thing because they are too lazy to proofread will be assigned to Kegel duty. Dr. █████
« SCP-585 | SCP-586 | SCP-587 »
Item #: SCP-587
Object Class: Safe
Special Containment Procedures: An isolation room in Sector-28 houses SCP-587. Entry is barred without authorization from the project lead, and the interior is kept sterile. Climate controls must be maintained to simulate seasonally suitable weather, including precipitation when appropriate. Surveillance by digital recording devices is continuous.
Inside the isolation room, great care must be taken not to physically disturb SCP-587 in any way (unless as part of an experiment). Level 1 isolation equipment is required. All interactions with the model and its residents must be cleared with researchers overseeing the mass psychology project.
Description: SCP-587 is an HO scale (1:87) model railroad diorama with dimensions 21.3 x 36.5 m. The handcrafted scenery depicts forested hills interspersed with buildings, a railroad, and other models which constitute the fictional township of Red Elk, Colorado. Each model is fully functional; plumbing and electrical power work, cars run on gasoline, etc. The town is populated by 1,270 living individuals identical to human beings other than their 19.5 mm height (average). Physical laws in the vicinity of SCP-587 seem to be altered sufficiently that anticipated ramifications of squared/cubed relationships are not observed.
The artifact is meticulously detailed, from superficial features like license plate numbers and legible (with magnification) newspapers, to material composition such as the geology of the landscape and organ arrangement in vivisected inhabitants. The residents can be observed behaving as though in a normal town, and seem to have no idea about the unusual nature of their existence. Note: After ██ years of Foundation custody and experimentation, some residents are becoming suspicious that something’s not right. –Dr. ███████
A resident of SCP-587 remains oblivious to foreign objects unless they make contact with the diorama’s surface. Items that do contact the surface are perceivable by inhabitants and often excite interest or confusion. Thus a camera placed centimeters from the town center has gone unnoticed for years, while the momentary presence of an insect within view of inhabitants could be a major disruption (and has been on several occasions).
Other disturbances caused by negligent attention to containment protocol include numerous earthquakes (caused by jostling or impacting the model), climate swings and unexplained eclipses (resulting from malfunctioning climate control equipment), a burning flood (when an assistant spilled hot coffee down Main Street), and strange rains of rope and white flakes (hair and dandruff; researchers must now don level 1 isolation wear in the containment area). Careful observation confirms that SCP-587’s population is aware of these “mysterious” phenomena, and that a number of beliefs and rationalizations have arisen to explain them.
Addendum 587-01: Following repeated incidents exposing SCP-587’s populace to strange occurrences, the project’s research priorities have been shifted from investigation of the artifact’s properties to psychological experimentation with its inhabitants. Future incidents will be carefully designed and introduced to study mass reactions to unexplained and threatening events.
Response to mysterious appearances and disappearances:
Item #: SCP-592
Object Class: Euclid
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-592 should be contained in research cell 1611-E at all times, locked in a steel box, in the middle of a frosted glass containment cubicle. Also in the cubicle are a table, two (2) computers, a standard-sized computer scanner, an internal network connection port, and two (2) pairs of visual distortion goggles, which must be worn upon entering the cubicle, so as to make SCP-592 illegible. The first computer serves as an analysis machine, the second as a custom firewall. All devices have been modified with specialised software and hardware (see Testing Protocol for details) and the network port has been secured such that no device other than the firewall may use it. It is strictly necessary that the computers and scanner are turned off and unplugged after experimenting and that they are only powered for the duration of the experiment. The front and back covers of SCP-592 are to be covered in black opaque tape at all times.
The cell must be guarded continually to ensure that SCP-592 is not removed.
Description: SCP-592 is a large hardcover book which exhibits no external qualities that could be considered unusual, but which can cause delusions, psychosis, changes in physical health and appearance, or even severe wounding when read. It is titled "Chronicle of the 20th Century" and consists of 450 all-color printed pages. It is reported that it has a printed cover (no dust jacket) with the title of the book, the publisher, and a selection of illustrations from within the text. The original cover is a deep blue. The spine contains the title and publisher name, and is left uncovered by tape. The cover page informs the reader that it was published by Interworld Press, 54 ███████ St, Chicago, IL in 1996. A company named Interworld Press has never been registered in the US nor does the street listed exist.
The text is a collection of newspaper clippings and short articles on major events from January 1900 to December 1995. Much of the first half of the text agrees with recorded events but at some point no later than 15 June 1956, a date researchers have termed the Point of Divergence (PoD), the text begins to diverge from known history. These divergences become more common and acute the further away from the PoD the text is.
Subjects reading from the text before the PoD report no ill effect and generally comment that the text is well written and seems very accurately researched. Subjects reading from the book after the PoD understand the passage read as accepted truth, and vehemently deny any suggestions that the text is in fact incorrect. The claims subjects make are often disturbing or shocking in nature. It also appears that a subject that has read passages from a certain year can recount events that are detailed in later sections of the book.
It has been found that those born before the date which the test passage indicates, and lived in or nearby the location of the event described, may construct personal experiences built around the event and describe them as they would any other vivid memory. The subject will go to great measures to defend the reality of their story, often turning violent if under interrogation.
Exposure to SCP-592 may alter physical characteristics of the subject to conform with the events of the passage being read. This can vary from small changes in appearance or clothing to the infliction of severe wounds. For example, in one instance a subject (D-94920) produced a scar during an interview, stating that he "picked it up during the [DATA EXPUNGED]". His widow, when presented with the scar, located on his █████, was surprised, stating she "had not noticed [the scar] before".
It has been found that once the subject discovers that the world is inconsistent with their acquired memories, they begin to feel that the present reality is an illusion, a dream, or a deceit, often stating malevolent or government forces are at work in maintaining the illusion. Subjects who reach this stage enter into a profound and chronic psychosis. All attempts to treat this delusion have failed. The exact effects vary:
SCP-592 was recovered during a narcotics raid in August 2006 on the property of Mr. [REDACTED], the leader of a controversial religious group called the "Church of the True History". Despite being in possession of SCP-592, Mr. [REDACTED] is believed to have started the church for financial gain rather than revelation. The owner may have only survived exposure from SCP-592 for almost two years because of his rampant drug use, which included methamphetamine, cocaine, and a host of opioids - though psychedelics, especially DMT, are known to have been used and probably interacted with the effects of SCP-592 more than the others. [REDACTED] believed that his delusions came from his drug use, but noted that a year after exposure to SCP-592, he found himself turning to drugs more often to "hide away from the truth". In custody and deprived of his usual chemical relief, the suspect became comatose and died a week later. The circumstances of the acquisition has led to proposals to test SCP-592 in combination with psychedelic drugs (see Proposal ████-█).
Addendum 592-a: The chemical properties of SCP-592 have been studied by Dr. Grayson and the Chemical Forensics team. Dr. Grayson reports that:
Samples were obtained by means of cutting small squares of paper from the book, while wearing distortion goggles. The squares were small enough to contain no more than one word. Squares containing portions of illustrations were covered by black opaque tape as soon as extracted. Our results indicate that the chemical properties of SCP-592 differ very little from any other color publication. The paper primarily consists of cellulose from common woods, and the black and yellow inks are standard. It has been found, however, that some chemicals used in the cyan and magenta inks, while entirely known to science, are not normally used in the industry. An expert in inks and dyes has commented that the chemicals would be an inferior but acceptable substitute to those currently in use if certain metal elements were much scarcer, and therefore much more expensive, than they are today.
Testing Protocol:
Item #: SCP-593
Object Class: Euclid
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-593 is to be stored under standard Biosafety Level 4 precautions at all times. Use of a hazmat suit with self-contained oxygen supply is mandatory; entry and exit to any lab containing samples of SCP-593 must include multiple showers, ultraviolet light bombardment, a vacuum room, and regularly tested, electronically secured airlocks. Individuals suspected of infection with SCP-593 must be isolated from the general population under BSL-4 protocols immediately and kept in a darkened environment until the maximum infectivity and incubation period have both passed, generally a period of thirty days. Medical treatment of confirmed SCP-593 victims requires observation of BSL-4 protocols and the immediate incineration or immersion in acid of all materials with which the victims have had contact, along with any/all biological waste produced.
Description: SCP-593 is a paramyxovirus of the genus Morbillivirus that exhibits a unique capacity for severe neurological damage after the onset of primary symptoms. The majority of its genome is identical to that of the measles virus, with a significant percentage of genetic material apparently derived from rinderpest virus (aka 'cattle plague' or 'steppe murrain'). Its contagion rate is equal to that of measles- ninety percent of individuals without immunity who share a household with an SCP-593 morbillivirus patient will develop the infection themselves within thirty days. Initial stages of infection are virtually identical to measles, beginning with a fever that may reach as high as 41° C. Koplik's spots appear on the victim's buccal and lingual mucosae early in the infection; unlike standard measles infections, however, the spots remain visible for two to three days.
Several days after the fever begins and conjunctivitis sets in, the victim's body is quickly covered in a generalized, erythematous, maculopapular rash that spreads from the head to the feet in less than a day. Ocular sensitivity to light also sets in around this time, and victims not confined to darkened areas or otherwise protected from light may suffer consequences up to and including total blindness. The rash generally turns from red in color to dark brown several days after eruption, at which point the neurological sequelae invariably set in.
The progression of symptoms begins with irritability and erratic behavior which may be mistaken for natural reactions to an unpleasant infection and confinement situation. However, myoclonic spasms and seizures swiftly follow. EEG examination of victims shows widespread cortical dysfunction; physical examination of victims' brains shows involvement of [DATA EXPUNGED] and significantly elevated gamma globulin titres. The true signature of the SCP-593 morbillivirus, however, lies in its permanent neurological effects. SCP-593 completely destroys the portion of its victims' brains that deals with concepts of number and mathematics. Its surviving victims literally cannot distinguish between 'two' and 'millions' or perform even the most rudimentary addition, let alone more advanced calculations. Counting accurately, even only from one to ten, is only possible by dint of memorization; if asked to determine whether one number is larger than another, survivors cannot give an accurate answer. Oddly, survivors are seldom if ever distressed by this fact unless forced by experimenters to work on mathematical problems, at which point they become defensive and often exhibit aggression.
SCP-593 was discovered in 20██ at ███ ███ ████ █████ ████████, ███ ████, in the form of several pressurized containers attached to the central HVAC equipment for the main trading floor. The initial outbreak was swiftly contained and damage control measures taken in the media, but the origin of the virus remains unknown. Investigation of all labs known to the Foundation to be capable of genetically engineering such an organism is under way.
Addendum: Despite its genetic similarity to measles and rinderpest, no vaccine currently exists for SCP-593. Attempts to attenuate the virus' strength for use as a live virus vaccine have so far proved useless; killed-virus vaccines do not appear to trigger the body's immune response. Immediate containment and isolation of all possible victims is recommended, as well as immediate investigation of outbreaks of measles in populations where measles vaccine uptake is normally historically high.
« SCP-592 | SCP-593 | SCP-594 »
Item #: SCP-594
Object Class: Euclid
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-594 is kept at Bio-Research Sector-██, located on 54 km2 of mountainous rangeland located 35 km from ██████, Alaska. Officially, Sector-██ is listed as a munitions factory and testing facility. The perimeter fences and access gates are monitored remotely at all times with two Level 2 guards posted at each gate in 8 hour shifts. All fencing enclosed paddocks have static dischargers placed at 2 cm intervals. Main research enclosure and pens are to be cleaned on a daily basis to avoid build up of excrement and allow for necessary repairs. Due to possible electrocution hazard, the following procedures are to be observed when interacting with SCP-594:
Description: Discovered in the Altai Mountains during a routine fact-finding mission, SCP-594 is a flock of feral sheep of an unknown breed resembling a wild Argali sheep in general build with a thick fleece like that of a domestic Merino, around 135 cm at the shoulder and weighing 195 kg on average. Gestation and reproductive cycles are similar to most domesticated sheep, with ewes reaching sexual maturity at six to eight months of age and rams at four to six months. They enter a rut twice annually, typically in late spring and early autumn, but breeding can occur year round. Most ewes give birth to a single lamb or twins, with triplets being exceedingly rare (2% of all recorded births to date). Only documented case of triplets which survived to full maturity is 594-01 and his siblings, 594-02 and 594-03. General coloration ranges from pure white to dark blue-gray wool with a metallic sheen appearing once they’ve reached full maturity, typically 2 years of age. Only three animals, the aforementioned triplets, display atypical wool colors. Both sexes have horns, with uncastrated males having spiraling horns measuring 190 cm in length, the largest documented span belonging to 594-02 at a length of 247.4 cm. Females and wethers have curved horns measuring 20 cm. The horns, hooves, and wool of older animals have unusually high concentrations of ferrous metals, along with traces of gold alloys. Examinations of newly butchered animals have revealed that SCP-594’s skeleton also has large amounts of ferrous metals present within the bone matrix.
The sheep are highly aggressive and territorial in nature, and often attack unfamiliar personnel without warning or provocation. They will continue to behave in this manner until steps are taken to properly placate 594-01, which is normally done by giving it “treats” such as tobacco or candies. Once this is done, the flock will become docile and behave like normal domestic sheep. The exceptions to this pacifying behavior are 594-02 and 594-03 as outlined in the addendum on each. In contrast to adults, lambs typically are very easy to handle and display curiosity towards new objects and people in the paddock, often attempting to ‘play’ with personnel but will flee if threatened. The sound of a panicked lamb will cause nearby adults to attack violently, so caution is to be taken not to 'spook' lambs. Lambs also show a tendency to form attachments to certain humans, often following them around the paddock and begging for food or attention. This is especially noticeable among bottle-reared lambs. Such attachments often last even after sheep has reached maturity, as seen in the case of 594-02 and Dr. Maryweather.
At present, the flock numbers 1,314 mature sheep plus 448 lambs and immature sheep, with selective culling of unwanted animals annually after the rutting season to maintain these numbers. The only animals exempt from culling are 594-01, 594-02, and 594-03, or any lambs exhibiting similar traits. Deviation from the 1314/448 pattern for more than a year’s time will cause all mature rams to [DATA EXPUNGED]. Failure to follow the pattern for two years during preliminary research resulted in the deaths of █ D-class personnel and █ researchers, as well as near breach of containment by 594-02.
The defining characteristic of the sheep is that they are able to generate a substantial amount of static electricity simply by the friction caused during daily activities. The resultant charge is typically discharged at random, with mature specimens producing arc flashes that have been recorded at 1000 amps or more. Due to the electrocution hazard, personnel interacting with SCP-594 are advised to follow guidelines fully outlined in Document 594-4H. When faced with a “threat”, the flock will become highly agitated and mature ewes will attempt to form a ring around any lambs, rubbing their bodies together to generate an even greater static charge between them. Because this defensive behavior is especially pronounced when ewes are birthing, it is standard procedure to isolate all pregnant ewes and newborn lambs from the rest of the flock until a week after birthing.
In addition to defense against predators, rams also appear to use their discharges as a type of dominance display, with the older and stronger rams able to produce more powerful discharges during their “dance”. When in rut, rams will fight against themselves, performing the stomping “dances” prior to engaging rivals. These “dances” are often accompanied by excessive discharges, resulting in a rapid ionization of air and giving SCP-594 its local name, “Thunder Sheep”. Ground sensors have also detected telluric currents during these “dances”, with older rams creating extremely complicated patterns that often resemble [DATA EXPUNGED]. Freemartins (ewes which are behaviorally masculine and lack functional ovaries), will also perform stomping “dances” but the patterns produced, while equally as complicated, show a marked difference from those created by rams. To date, wethers have not been observed to engage in this behavior.
Another trait exhibited by SCP-594 is an inherent ability to “walk on air” or more accurately levitate themselves at a distance on average of 2 to 4 meters vertically via manipulation of electromagnetic fields. Lambs and younger animals have a tendency to lose control mid-“flight”, often falling from high cliffs which can result in death of the animal. This may be the way the flock culled out weaker animals in the wild, but more research is needed.
Research has been done on the properties of SCP-594 wool, milk, meat, and horn. Results of these tests are pending full documentation, however the meat, milk, and resultant dairy products have proven to be fit for human consumption. Approval to include “Thunder Mutton” and various cheeses made from the milk of SCP-594 in the Foundation’s standardized menu still pending.
[DATA PENDING]
« SCP-593 | SCP-594 | SCP-595 »
Item #: SCP-595
Object Class: Euclid
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-595 is currently stored in either enclosed drydock 2█, ██████████, Virginia, or a secure Foundation warehouse district in Philadelphia depending on SCP-595’s current state. Both sites are restricted without Level 3 access clearance or higher. Access to SCP-595’s interior is restricted to specially selected Class D personnel or mobile task forces with approval from either site’s local administration.
Due to the nature of SCP-595’s effects, it is imperative that no personnel or sensitive equipment be located within the storage sites after SCP-595 has been “dormant” for over two hours. Normal research activities may resume at one of the two sites after SCP-595’s documented effects have subsided.
Description: SCP-595 is a Cannon class destroyer escort, DE-██ USS █████████, commissioned by the United States Navy in late 1942. It is no different from any other vessel of its class with the exception of several munitions magazines filled with [DATA EXPUNGED] of unknown manufacture. These devices cause the vessel and a limited surrounding area to be permeated with abnormally high levels of electromagnetic radiation.
Periodically the devices induce a tremendous spike in the amount of electromagnetic radiation, resulting in effects outlined in Document 595-1. While these spikes are mostly regular in their timing, they can result in severe damage to surrounding equipment and personnel if safety precautions are not strictly adhered to.
The ship is tied to reports of a secret US Navy experiment, “Project Philadelphia”, purportedly investigating principles of teleportation and possibilities of camouflaging naval vessels by bending light around them, rendering them invisible to the naked eye. The failure of the experiment resulted in the loss of nearly the entire crew. As they were unable to contain it, the US Navy agreed to turn SCP-595 over to the Foundation for further study. Unfortunately, information relating to the experiment has been made public. Cover-up efforts are detailed in an addendum below.
Document #595-1: SCP-595’s self-contained ████████████ devices are known to cause varying spikes in radiation levels at regular intervals approximately every three to four hours. When the Foundation acquired SCP-595 from the United States Navy, little was known of the devices’ side effects as the Navy had already destroyed almost all relevant documentation. As such, testing commenced in earnest, producing the following known results:
The foremost effect of SCP-595’s tremendous levels of electromagnetic radiation is that the ship can exist in one of two locations, varying randomly and requiring two teams of researchers to fully monitor SCP-595. The vessel has been observed, with lower bursts, to appear translucent and in some cases almost completely transparent to the naked eye, while remaining in place at its current drydock.
Any personnel located on or within a radius of ██ meters of the vessel while it is undergoing a radiation burst can be subjected to the following effects:
Personnel not located aboard the ship but still within its area of effect display effects similar to that of SCP-595 itself, sometimes reappearing in place but sometimes showing up at the other secure facility. There have also been occasions where these personnel have disappeared completely and did not reappear in any Foundation controlled sector. An incident of this nature occurring in 19██ resulted in the loss of ██ US Navy personnel, prompting the current containment agreement.
Persons in physical contact (either on deck or inside) with SCP-595 are subject to the effects listed above, but with markedly increased danger. These properties were discovered when Agent █████████ was trapped on the ship, faded out of sight and, upon returning, was fused to the bulkhead he had been standing near. Inspections showed a perfect molecular bond of tissue to metal, cleanly severing the entire lower portion of the agent’s abdomen which protruded from the opposite side of the bulkhead. When questioned, the agent reported feeling no pain but was unable to move his lower extremities and exhibited signs of extreme nausea and early stages of acute radiation poisoning. Attempts to recover the surviving portion of the agent’s body from the ship ultimately resulted in his death.
During the same incident, three Class D personnel had been assigned to clean the engine room. Most of D-12074 was found in a crankshaft, with his legs fused to the ceiling over a meter away from him. D-23574 was fused to a deck plate, and his lower extremities were never located, nor was D-75224, who simply vanished. Other cases have seen personnel molded into solid steel doors while still conscious, or alternatively missing limbs that are incorporated into the structure in other locations of the vessel.
Standard operating procedure calls for termination of these victims, as all efforts to sever them from the ship have resulted in death of the affected.
Addendum: As of the late 1950s, numerous books and eyewitness accounts have surfaced in attempts to shed light on the Navy’s failed experiment, further complicating containment procedures. Thanks to the efforts of well-placed field agents, the Foundation has managed to mostly discredit these sources, leaving the experiment as a well-known but “officially debunked” urban legend. All published accounts have been doctored to indicate DE-173 (USS Eldridge) as being the test bed for the experiment, thus drawing attention away from SCP-595. All previous records of the experiment have been successfully obtained or were destroyed by the United States government.
Addendum: Attempts to disable the devices located within SCP-595 have all met with failure, as the shutdown procedures documented in manual ██-3A require more than the allotted safe margins of time. The use of electromagnetically shielded remote vehicles is currently being investigated.
« SCP-594 | SCP-595 | SCP-596 »
Item #: SCP-597
Object Class: Euclid
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-597 is to be guarded and researched by a rotating monthly shift. Those in charge of the design of the containment procedures are not allowed contact with the SCP; if at all possible this duty should be left to overseer level personnel. No one is to be allowed to view (on video or through a window) or be in the same room as SCP-597 for longer than five hours. Maintenance personnel are to alternate every day.
Evaluations are to be given at the end of the shift or whenever mental distress seems obvious. If psychological contamination is too great and poses a tangible danger, termination can be performed immediately by the on-site analyst. (The mental health offices are soundproofed for this purpose.) The doctor can terminate up to ten individuals at a time; any more requires the approval of an overseer. In this scenario, procedure 597-32 (Weaning the Babies) is to be activated. Vents in the ceiling require regular maintenance for this purpose.
Smoke detectors are not to be turned off for any reason; candles and incense lit in 597's cell are to be taken as an indication of a dangerous obsession. The leaving and offering of food, as 597 does not require it, is to be viewed in the same light as well. All other signs of unnatural love and religious awe are to be reported along with these.
The room and the surrounding area are to be sealed, with ventilation shafts, plumbing, and wiring checked daily. Measures are to be put into place for the continuous extermination of all vermin in the facility. Animals not part of the study found suckling on SCP-597 are to be removed and terminated as soon as possible due to risk of biological contamination. Because of this, in the morning, workers must wear Hazmat suits while entering the cell, for SCP-597 is often covered in vermin, including mice, opossums, squirrels, and bats.
597 is to be hosed down weekly, with special care given to the areas around the nipples, to prevent the buildup of saliva and drool. Those suckling need washing daily, as does the floor underneath them, for the removal of the puddles of urine, feces (for the first few days, but when solids completely leave the body this is no longer necessary, although occasionally a thin watery substance is excreted), and vomit, which is produced when they drink too eagerly, quickly, or out of rhythm. The cleaning products are to be plain and unscented (use of aromatics or herbal oils will be noted) and no scrubbing is to be done by hand.
Description: SCP-597 is a blob of flesh approximately 5.8m (19ft) high, and 10.67m (35ft) wide, although this measurement changes slightly when it moves, or the substances expand and ripple. All over its body, mostly located on its rolls, are hundreds and hundreds of teats, of various colors and sizes. Whenever a mammal is released into its cell, it will be drawn to the corresponding teat for its species and then proceed to suckle as long as they are unimpeded. The milk released will be identical in every way to the makeup of the subject's mother's, although able to sustain the subject's nutritional needs indefinitely. While the fluid is the same as normal milk chemically, for some reason, whether it be an effect of the SCP or an unknown quality of the substances it excretes, any full-grown mammal that would normally require more can survive to the end of their normal lifespan give or take a few years, simply by suckling at the nipple, although their teeth will fall out, their muscle will atrophy due to lack of use (the subjects will curl up as close as possible on the side, lay under the SCP [there have been reports of suffocation], or immerse themselves and dive into the flesh itself) and stomach problems are presented because of the all-liquid diet.
Milk taken in a bottle does not have the same results, although those already affected by SCP-597 will fall under a quasi-hypnotic hold when presented with a container, will do anything to possess it, and find drinking it very gratifying.
Those in charge of bottling the liquid have the urge to use a rubber teat for feeding babies as a cover, even when a normal lid will suffice, and will attempt to do so even when informed that it is in violation of dangerous materials protocol, not being an airtight seal.
The urge to suckle is a mental, physical, and sexual compulsion. While lower lifeforms cannot resist its effects at all, humans can, although they experience great difficulty. Those in SCP-597's presence describe it as a "mental pull" leading us to the conclusion that it is partially telepathic, although it also obviously appeals to deep instincts and is hormonal as well; endorphins associated with breast-feeding and maternal comfort are released. Those who do give in do so in a mad rush, all restraint broken at once, or a slow ritual, commonly involving bowing, kneeling, crawling, and chanting. They are reduced quickly to an infantile state, and within one hour lose all linguistic abilities, intellectual capabilities, and willpower. Before complete loss of brain function it is said to be highly comforting and pleasurable, and they say they feel safe, "like never before". Before and after contact is made, there are reports of strong feelings associated with vague images and recollections and sensations, all traced back to the womb or crib, often centered around remembrance of their parents' smell and facial appearance. [DATA EXPUNGED] █████ ███████████████ █████ █████ █████ ██ retarded blind [DATA EXPUNGED] permanently attached [DATA EXPUNGED]
[DATA EXPUNGED]
Those who watch are also influenced, although in lesser or different ways. Increased pettiness, regression to childish states, extreme immaturity, decreased bowel control, fetishization, promiscuity, and even reports of public masturbation have all been noted. Staff's IQ, focus, and rationality all drop significantly over a period of time with SCP-597, and they often will fight with each other over silly things, such as objects or perceived insults, be wracked with laughing and crying fits, be unable to resolve problems in an adult way, and lose the ability to control their emotions. After four to five weeks, it is impossible for them to function in a work setting, and they all communicate with each other with a series of grunts, coos, and short confused sentences. Attention should also be paid to the fact that the employees' name for the object degenerates from the official title, "SCP-597" to "The Mother", then to just "Mother", then "Mom", "Mommy", "Mum", and so forth, often ending in sucking, blowing, or kissing sounds as the representation. Also of interest is that almost immediately strong oral fixations will develop or resurface. Those who quit smoking will start again (100% occurrence) and the chewing of gum, snacking, gluttony, nail and lip biting, and hair chewing, rises as well, almost to the point of psychosis; there are deadly weight gains, choking incidents, balls or clumps of human material obstructing the digestive system, murders over food (the vending machine is often completely empty), and dental and health problems. Doctors and personnel in the area of effect, even those entering for a few moments will find themselves absentmindedly putting something in their mouth without realizing it. Observation of the employees in their homes or private lives also reveals [DATA EXPUNGED], often to the point of only being aroused by [DATA EXPUNGED]
Men with already unstable or fragile egos find a strengthening in Oedipal complexes, often to dangerous levels; three employees have raped and murdered [DATA EXPUNGED]. These same personality types also enjoy [DATA EXPUNGED] and request access to SCP-597 for that purpose. Unfortunately, although this behavior is not encouraged, those with this disease are many, too many to take a moral or ideological stance and completely restrict the activity without losing the needed number of workers. A good number are also high-level personnel, although revelation of their identity is forbidden, and requires clearing the area and disabling the camera feeds so they can perform the act (which is not allowed to go over an hour, or separation will cause seizures and homicidal tantrums). Specific procedures for sexual visits can be found in Document 597-XD-12.
Addendum-01: ██/ ██/██ See Document 597-XX-23
Document 597-XX-23
Item #: SCP-598
Object Class: Safe
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-598 is contained in a three by three by three (3x3x3) meter room which has been painted solidly with Behr brand "Pearly White" paint. The floor is mirrored. Three (3) bright lights are positioned on the ceiling in such a way so that all the room is lit. These lights are to remain lit for 24 hours every day and are attached to a backup generator in case of power outage. The room will be examined for mold or stains daily, and these will be immediately removed if found.
Two level-2 guards are to be stationed outside SCP-598’s room at all times. Supervised contact with SCP-598 is unrestricted to all personnel with Level-2 access. All are subject to searches before and after contact, and random psychoanalysis afterwards.
Unless permission is received from a overseer, tools such as knives, scalpels, mirrors, paint-peelers, or cameras are restricted.
Description: SCP-598 is an intelligent shade of yellow covering the whole of the inside of its cell. Attempts to reproduce SCP-598 with paints, crayons, etc., have failed. Through experimentation, SCP-598's properties have been discovered not to be tint or shade dependent (different shades of light, except for total darkness, will not affect the item's sentience) but are hue-dependent (a colored filter placed over the item's light source will cancel the effect).
SCP-598 can process audiovisual stimulus in its nearby surroundings, but cannot speak nor move autonomously, nor communicate using normal senses. SCP-598 is, however, telepathic, and capable of holding extended mental conversations, enjoying topics like music, art, and science. It displays a slight interest in the SCP Foundation, although it is likely this is because of its immediate surroundings, and not for malevolent reasons.
SCP-598 is not a physical organism- it does not move, grow, eat, sleep, or excrete waste, so it is not technically alive. Any color-accurate copy of SCP-598, reproduced by any means including computer, video recording or mirrors, will become SCP-598.
An interesting phenomena occurs whenever any short-wave radio is within 4 meters of SCP-598. They will begin to pick up a previously out-of-range station which will broadcast different noises.
As of yet, the following have been recorded:
SCP-598 does not seem to know where these noises originate, yet enjoys a radio placed in the room and tuned to this frequency. The noises change at random, and go on for hours at a time.
Addendum:
Item #: SCP-600
Object Class: Safe
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-600 is contained in a Class-E suite in Site 17, dimensions 15m x 15m x 3m. Two (2) security cameras monitor the subject at all times. A standard steel door with a reinforced double-paned window secures the suite. No special procedures are required for entering or exiting the suite, with the caveat that SCP-600 may attempt to follow researchers out of containment. A simple reprimand and order to return to containment has proved sufficient to curtail this behavior.
Description: SCP-600 is a humanoid entity, approximately 1.7 meters tall, with a build approximating an adult human male of average weight for its height. The subject is generally featureless, lacking facial features, external ears, nails, body hair, genitalia, and anus. Full-body scans have shown SCP-600 to have no internal structures of any kind, instead being formed from an unknown material of uniform density close to that of human muscle tissue. It neither ingests, respirates, nor excretes. The subject's age has not been determined.
SCP-600 telepathically affects all humans who view it, causing it to take on their superficial personal characteristics. This effect only alters the visual perception of affected persons; SCP-600's actual form can still be detected by cameras, sensors, and touch. The perceived resemblance between SCP-600 and an affected viewer is general and superficial; no viewers have found it to be notable or uncanny in any way. Characteristics imitated by the subject include, but are not limited to, hair color, skin color, eye color, approximate age, clothing style, and general physique. (Note that clothing imitated by SCP-600 is entirely illusory.) Animal tests reveal that non-human organisms appear not to perceive the subject unless they physically collide with it.
When humans are present, SCP-600 will attempt to engage in conversation. Its conversational repertoire is limited; it will discuss trivialities such as weather and other "small talk", or attempt to commiserate with those present about professional matters as if it were similarly employed. Such discussions are superficial, filled with jargon appropriate to the person's area of expertise but consist largely of obvious statements and platitudes. Attempts at more substantial discussion are deflected, and SCP-600 displays no deep domain knowledge of any field of employment. When not in the presence of humans, SCP-600 is generally inactive, standing in a single pose for hours or even days at a time without any apparent reaction to outside stimulus.
The subject is generally cooperative, but displays an unsettling tendency to refer to itself in the third person when speaking to researchers assigned to it, frequently referring to "the SCP-600 case". (See attached Interview Log 600-E for an example of this behavior.) It has requested that researchers refer to it as "George," but is not upset by refusal to do so.
Interview 600-E
Item #: SCP-602
Object Class: Safe
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-602 appears to be immobile and localized to Apartment ███, ██ Greene St, New York City. Thus, containment of SCP-602 consists of keeping the public away from, and ensuring that SCP-602 does not expand beyond or move out of, Apt. ███. However, due to its location in a heavily-populated urban center (i.e. Manhattan), SCP-602 requires special considerations for containment.
Apt. ███ must remain locked from the outside with both mechanical locks and concealed electronic locks. No one may enter or remove anything from Apt. ███ without Level 4 authorization.
Apt. ███, the entire first floor and basement, and all unoccupied units at ██ Greene St are collectively designated Containment Site-28. The remaining units in the building are occupied by civilians who have lived there since SCP-602 was initially contained. These units will be acquired by the Foundation as they are vacated, but occupants will not be directly forced out of their apartments. However, all measures short of lethal force have been authorized to keep civilians out of Site-28 areas, up to and including non-lethal force and use of Class-A amnestics. To date, the Foundation has acquired █ of the ██ units in the building. See Document 602-S28 for more information.
Description: SCP-602 is an unseen entity that can manipulate objects within Apartment ███. SCP-602 can exert enough force to knock people over and hold them down. While SCP-602 appears able to affect objects anywhere within Apt. ███, it cannot affect anything outside the apartment if the front door is closed. Thus, SCP-602 can be effectively contained with external locks on Apt. ███’s door.
Apt. ███ does not have standard furnishings. Instead, scattered around the apartment are dozens of sculptures that resemble extremely distorted human beings. These sculptures appear to be made from a variety of materials, including marble, granite, wood, metal, porcelain, [DATA EXPUNGED], and glass. [DATA EXPUNGED]. Two doors lead out of the entry room: a door in the left wall that is stuck and has never been opened, and a door in the back wall (added between 198█ and 199█) that is usually closed. The second door leads to a room that contains more sculptures, as well as a table on which lay a large array of tools for sculpting [DATA EXPUNGED]. Also in this room are outside-facing windows that always have the blinds drawn. All attempts to remove any of the sculptures or tools, or the table, from Apt. ███ have been met with violent resistance from SCP-602.
Any person inside Apt. ███ is subject to attack by SCP-602. Through an unknown method, SCP-602 can apparently transform a living human into a sculpture of variable material, similar to the sculptures already present in Apt. ███. When doing so, SCP-602 will close and lock the front door of the apartment from the inside, completely barring entry to and exit from the apartment during that time. SCP-602 will also destroy or otherwise neutralize any sensory equipment set up within Apt. ███, and has consistently destroyed concealed surveillance equipment carried by test subjects before transforming these subjects.
Addendum 1: Document 602-S28, Establishment of Site-28
Item #: SCP-604
Object Class: Safe
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-604 consists of a set of objects which all exhibit the same properties, and are contained together. Access is restricted to authorized personnel, and anyone attempting to access the containment area without authorization will be immediately detained. All interaction and testing must be cleared with Site Command.
Any staff interacting with SCP-604 must submit to psychological testing before and after interaction. Requests for reports on testing events, subject reactions, and audio/video recordings must be cleared with Central Records, and may not be removed from the record reviewing area.
Description: SCP-604 is a set of tableware and dishes, consisting of 19 plates of various sizes and designs, and 21 goblets, champagne flutes, and other wineglasses. Several are ornately gilded, studded with diamonds and rubies, or made out of fine materials such as porcelain, china, and crystal. Most are extremely heavy, because of the weight of the rich metals. The cutlery, cloth, chairs, table, and other items that made up the banquet where SCP-604 was discovered have no anomalous properties, and are not contained.
Whenever an edible solid is placed onto one of the plates or a liquid is poured into one of the drink vessels, the food will transform into human flesh, or the nearest equivalent organ, body part, or fluid. The change from one product to another seems to be based on similarities between color, smell, and composition, although vague symbolism and mental associations seem to be occasionally involved as well. For example, fleshy steaks will turn into cuts from the thigh, and red wine or juices into human blood. This can vary between subjects, and the process as to how a change is determined is still under investigation.
Because most of the plates are not large enough in diameter and circumference to create the entire form, most pieces manifest as human infant parts; chicken wings as tiny burnt infant arms, chicken breasts as filleted infant pectoral muscle or tissue from the buttocks, and so forth. However, tissues from adults do appear occasionally, often when the meat is placed vertically, sticking into the air. Based on analysis on the captured videos and logs, this is how longer, more mature parts were designed, although the plate's products seem only to be able to project beyond the surface straight up at a limit of one meter (around 3 feet).
Vegetable and non animal matter can be affected, however this is often “selective”, and will only affect the “main dish”. This means prepared meat will retain the herbs, spices, topping, sauces, and garnishes as it is transformed into human flesh. More than one piece of meat can be placed on SCP-604, but the results are varied; either creating separate pieces, incorporating them all together into one body system based on similarities in appearance (eggs and thin slices of beef turning into a female reproductive system, a pile of pig intestines and a cow stomach melding together to form a human digestive system), or choosing one to “focus” on, and leaving all the others untouched (duck stuffed with Kobe beef becoming an infant torso stuffed with Kobe beef).
The other unique ability that SCP-604 possesses is any living creature placed on its surface or submerged inside liquid contained within a goblet will metamorphose into a moving human body part. It will be capable of kinetic activity, such as flexing, as in the case of a starfish that turned into a six-fingered baby's hand that opened and closed, and grasped at touch, or locomotion, no matter how awkward and slow it is. Severed areas do not bleed, and tendons and muscles still function in normal ways, regardless of damage.
Tissues will move by whatever means is available, such as inching and crawling forward by curling and extending their "body", as the moving finger with an extremely long nail generated from a lobster did, or the floating penis in a large goblet did to "swim"; its tip jerking up and down to allow it to propel forward. If no form of locomotion is possible, the flesh will simply squirm and jiggle, remaining slightly warm to the touch. A pulse can be detected, even when the object in question is not attached to a heart.
Transformed items will continue existing as human tissue until consumed, removed from the plate for a long period of time, or expiring from shock and pain, as many seem to freeze and go into a catatonic state similar to shock when stabbed or bitten into, in the case of “living” tissues. Testing of stomach contents shows that transformed items remain “human” if consumed.
Acquisition: SCP-604 was acquired by Marshall, Carter, and Dark Ltd. operatives on ██/██/██. According to seized records it was removed from a secluded abbey in the ███████ ████ countryside. The monastery and the surrounding village practiced the rites of communion with SCP-604, and consumed human flesh and blood (said by priests to be that of Jesus of Nazareth) by placing wafers onto the plates situated on the main altar, and drinking blood from the goblets. The wafers were described to have a "light spongy taste" and both manifestations caused “extreme religious ecstasy” when eaten and hallucinations of the smiling Christian God lovingly offering his body, quoting relative scripture pertaining to the event, and speaking intimately of their sins and tribulations. It is believed that this experience is based on the individuals, as testing with identical properties has not reproduced this effect.
Addendum 01: See Supporting Document SCP-604-XCH
Extract from Document SCP-604-XCH Page 9
Item #: SCP-605
Object Class: Euclid
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-605 is impossible to contain with currently available resources; all Foundation efforts are currently directed at regulating its behavior and suppressing public knowledge of its existence.
Foundation tracking teams are permanently stationed outside a 15 km radius safe zone from SCP-605, and are equipped with large unmanned aerial vehicles that can be used in case SCP-605 enters an active state.
Description: SCP-605 is a large, amorphous, and airborne gaseous entity visually similar to a high-altitude cloud formation approximately 180 to 260 m in diameter. Its exact appearance varies drastically, from being nearly invisible during its "dormant" phase, to resembling an enormous storm front while "active". It has been observed to move slowly, but has not left the region bounded by the US state of Florida, Puerto Rico, and Bermuda Island.
While "active", SCP-605 exhibits behavior similar to that of a living predatory organism and will track ships and aircraft in its territory and attempt to engulf them in its body. The "active" state of SCP-605 also causes anomalous disruptions of the local magnetic field, causing compasses and other navigation systems to malfunction or report erroneous readings.
When a ship or aircraft is completely engulfed by SCP-605, it is consumed by a method that is not currently understood, leaving no trace. All attempts to study this process to date have failed, as a successful "feeding" will cause SCP-605 to revert to a dormant state, usually for several years and as long as several decades at a time, and during this time no anomalous readings can be detected.
Due to SCP-605's ability and its presumed link to multiple disappearances of civilian and military assets in the past, the use of unmanned aerial vehicles to "feed" SCP-605 has been approved to reduce the chances of publicly known incidents.
Addendum 605-01: Analysis of recorded data regarding SCP-605 have shown a minute, but detectable increase in the calculated mass of SCP-605, with spikes consistent with known dates on which SCP-605 entered an active phase. Request for further study and possible countermeasures have been filed and are awaiting O5 approval.
« SCP-604 | SCP-605 | SCP-606 »
Item #: SCP-606
Object Class: Euclid (Keter classification under review)
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-606 is currently housed of its own will in an unfurnished 20mx25mx8m cell at Site ██, the entrance to which is sealed by two 25cm steel blast doors on either side of an airlock. No personnel are to enter SCP-606's containment cell except under controlled testing circumstances or with authorisation from a staff member of level 4 clearance or higher. Standard positive-action defenses (explosive, chemical, biological, and memetic) are to be in place at all times, according to standard operating procedure.
Due to SCP-606's non-corporeal nature, no reliable security measures in case of a containment breach have been developed at this time. In the event of such a breach, all personnel should refer to Plan ETA-SIX.
Through use of a mobile remotely operated device, SCP-606 is to be provided with an ordinary USB flash storage device containing no less than 2MB of data every 12 hours. The data contained on the device is to be left to the discretion of SCP-606's supervisor, but text from classic literature or encyclopaedias, movie clips or audio files of historical speeches are ideal. In an emergency situation this may be substituted with 'data' in any form, such as print, compact discs or video tapes. A careful record of all data provided to SCP-606 must be kept. SCP-606 should not be given repeated information except in an emergency situation. No material pertaining to the Foundation or other anomalous objects should be provided to SCP-606 under any circumstances.
Description: SCP-606 appears as a spherical mass of light of variable size and intensity. Most commonly, it is approximately 85cm in diameter and emits 220 candelas of luminosity, but has been observed to grow to up to 10m in diameter and emit over 100,000 candelas. SCP-606 has also been observed to shrink to 4cm in diameter, emitting less than 0.5 candela. Despite its ability to emit large amounts of light, SCP-606 emits no heat. It does not appear to be composed of any form of matter, and is able to pass through material barriers effortlessly.
It is presently theorised that SCP-606 is an entity composed purely of knowledge or information, and information obtained from SCP-606 itself appears to corroborate this. Furthermore, SCP-606 appears to derive sustenance from information, growing in both size and luminosity when provided with sources of information to its aforementioned maximum size and shrinking when it is deprived of this.
It is capable of 'feeding' off a large number of different sources, including digital devices, books, magnetic tape and living beings, which simply involves SCP-606 surrounding the object. This process does not appear to affect its sources in any way. Digital media stored on flash drive is used in the maintenance of SCP-606 so the specific details as well as approximate size of all information provided to SCP-606 may be easily recorded. The specifications for SCP-606's maintenance listed above have been formulated through both discussion with SCP-606 and prolonged observation; SCP-606 appears to hold a preference for classical literature, for example, and the given amount has been observed to keep SCP-606 at its normal size and luminosity.
SCP-606 is sapient, apparently self-aware of all knowledge it has gained over its existence, and capable of intelligent communication. It accomplishes this by producing pure sine wave tones through an unknown mechanism. This has been refined through teaching SCP-606 a tone-based language system of the Foundation's own invention, which all personnel of level 2 or above assigned to SCP-606 are required to learn.
If another sapient individual enters SCP-606's containment cell, it will attempt to 'enlighten' them, to use SCP-606's own words. This involves SCP-606 moving to surround the being's head (or similar equivalent). This results in generalised tonic-clonic epileptic seizures for a period of 30 seconds to 5 minutes, after which the individual lapses into a coma followed by death. EEG monitoring of affected individuals during this process has shown a massive increase in activity of all brainwaves, particularly gamma and beta-type waves. It is presently theorised that this is the result of SCP-606 attempting to transfer all the information it has gathered to the individual's brain through an unknown process, despite the normal human brain being unable to sustain the stress of such a procedure.
Results of interviews with SCP-606 have been mixed. Although it has previously deigned to answer some basic questions about itself and its history, any more in-depth questioning or questioning on the topics it possesses knowledge of inevitably results in a request by SCP-606 to 'enlighten' the interviewer and a refusal to answer further questions. Requests made to SCP-606 to refrain from attempting to 'enlighten' without permission have been partially complied with; SCP-606 no longer tries to 'enlighten' every individual it comes into contact with, but it has still sporadically tried to perform the process without prompting. For this reason access to SCP-606's cell is restricted.
SCP-606 was discovered by the Foundation on 6/11/19██ in ██████, France, after a rash of missing person reports was brought to the Foundation's attention. Personnel subsequently managed to lure SCP-606 into a transport vehicle and transfer it to its current facility by offering it D-class personnel to 'enlighten'. Once its non-corporeal nature was discovered, SCP-606 was asked why it did not attempt to evade capture. It replied that it 'wished to see what would occur'. As SCP-606 is able to pass through all forms of matter, it presumably stays in Foundation custody of its own free will, perhaps due to the constant supply of information provided to it.
Addendum 606-1: Complex communication with SCP-606 was made possible on 2/4/20██ when Drs. ████████ and ██████ completed their work on the aforementioned tone-based language. Details of this language were transcribed onto normal writing paper and left in SCP-606's containment chamber. An excerpt from SCP-606's first interview follows; conducted from a secured monitoring room over microphone. SCP-606 is capable of understanding normal human speech, and thus Dr. ████████'s commentary is in English.
Document #606-1
Item #: SCP-609
Object Class: Keter
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-609 is to be stored in individual opaque containers inside a locker at Research Facility 5. All personnel must conduct Protocol 94-Wegner-Gyatso before observing any number of SCP-609-1 to ensure a clear and focused mind. Agents who locate instances of SCP-609-1 are to immediately break visual contact until the object is contained. UPDATE ██/██/██: SCP-609 has been transferred. It is now to be contained in opaque, locked bins at Storage Site 32.
Because control of SCP-609-1 is highly difficult due to ironic-process theory, only trained researchers with Level 2 Clearance and above are permitted to view it for experimental purposes.
SCP-609-A is to be secured in Storage Locker 11 at Research Facility 5. Viewing the text of SCP-609-A, in whole or in part, requires permission from the head researcher.
Description: SCP-609 is a collection of identical green billiard balls in the American pool style which measure 57.15mm in diameter and are believed to exist only as immaterial manifestations of a concept. Instances of SCP-609, designated SCP-609-1, are unbound by physical laws. Each instance is impervious to damage, undetectable except by the naked eye, and unable to conduct heat; instead, they always feel cold to the touch.
SCP-609-1 can be manipulated by thought. When a sapient creature is in direct visual contact with SCP-609-1, it will emulate the actions the user imagines, including motion, duplication, and instantaneous manifestation at a visualized location. Observers cannot alter the physical appearance of SCP-609-1 or erase it from existence.
According to the object's documentation (SCP-609-A, as described below), SCP-609 is intended to be a literalistic embodiment of Plato's theory of form. Researchers have conjectured that SCP-609 can be controlled through visualization because SCP-609-1 and the concept of SCP-609-1 are the same object, and that SCP-609-1 cannot be damaged or otherwise mutilated because SCP-609-1 is a manifestation of an immutable metaphysical form.
If multiple observers attempt to activate SCP-609-1 simultaneously, an additional instance of SCP-609-1 will manifest for each observer. As a result of its thought-activated replication, SCP-609 has proliferated under Foundation custody. See Document 609-A for current estimates.
When SCP-609-1 is relocated to or generated in an area outside of the viewer's visual range, a recovery mission is required to resume full containment of SCP-609. Locations from which SCP-609-1 have been recovered include:
SCP-609 was recovered with a yellow box believed to be its packaging. The box is labeled "DR. WONDERTAINMENT'S ONTOLOGICAL 6-BALL™" in large text, although the typography differs in comparison to other products recovered from the same manufacturer. Smaller graphics below the title depict a marble bust of Plato with a speech balloon that says "IT REALLY EXISTS!" and an unidentified grinning woman exclaiming "NOW SUBJECT TO CAUSALITY!" A green pool ball is visible inside through a cellophane window.
The following text is printed on the back:
Hey, kids! Have you ever wondered whether your experiences are fully authentic or if only your thoughts are real and the world around you is a web of lies? Now the question is immaterial! With your new ONTOLOGICAL 6-BALL™, you can use your imagination to make the hottest new learning toy that cannot not be!
Did you create it, or did it create you? Don't put DESCARTES™ before the horse! If you don't think this is the grooviest toy out there, HUME MUST BE JOKING!
Item #: SCP-614
Object Class: Euclid
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-614 itself cannot be contained until knowledge is gained about the whereabouts of the server hosting SCP-614. Until then, knowledge of SCP-614 must be prevented from entering the public. Distributing the IP address of SCP-614 to unauthorized personnel is prohibited. Agents are to periodically take measures to make sure that access to SCP-614 is blocked at all internet service providers.
Description: SCP-614 is a website located at the IP address 57.32.███.███. The IPv4 block 57.0.0.0/8 is owned by SITA and used for telecommunications in the air transport industry. It is not yet known if this has any significance. SITA records do not show that the IP address has been allocated or used for any purpose, and SITA claims to have no knowledge of any servers operating at the address.
The homepage of SCP-614 is a plainly formatted search page. There is a single search box on the page, under which are three drop-down lists, a "Search" button, and an "I'm Feeling Lucky" button. The drop-down lists allow the user to specify a date, ranging from July 2nd, 2001, to August 25, 21██. The first date has been identified as the release date of the first "BitTorrent" client, while the significance of the last date is as of yet unknown. When a date is entered and the "Search" button is pressed, the website will load a list of search results, known as "torrents", from various peer-to-peer file-sharing websites at the time of the given date. The "I'm Feeling Lucky" button will return a single random result from a random date. Experiments have shown that searches with the date set at a past date are perfectly accurate as to the results, while searches from a future date are around 95% accurate at returning the actual results that will appear on the given date (see Experiment Log 614-1a). Examination of the web page's source code shows that the website operates by searching a local database. Efforts to retrieve the database or access it directly have been unsuccessful.
Addendum:
Item #: SCP-616
Object Class: Keter
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-616 is to be kept in Site [REDACTED]. While grounded, repair personnel of a clearance level of two (2) or above are allowed to enter the craft, and must conduct thorough pre-flight inspections to ascertain that SCP-616 is ready for flight. However, repair personnel are to maintain a distance of at least three (3) meters from SCP-616-1. On flight days, only ordained and believing ministers of an Abrahamic faith with security clearance of level four or above may enter the aircraft, and must remain at least 0.94 m (3 ft 1 in) from the threshold of SCP-616-1 at all times whilst the craft is grounded.
SCP-616-1 should be kept from closing at all costs once activated. This necessitates a monthly manned flight. Failure to keep SCP-616-1 from closing will require initiation of Procedure 600-Shoki.
Each flight, seven (7) archbishops, ordained and believing in an Abrahamic faith, must surround SCP-616-1. Prayer directed at SCP-616-1 is to be sustained during the whole duration of the flight, usually three (3) to seven (7) hours. Prayer must be sustained by all able subjects, but once SCP-616-1 has activated, previously established distance restrictions no longer apply; subjects are in fact encouraged to try to physically stop SCP-616-1 from closing, though extreme caution must be taken to keep any personnel from falling through the threshold as that will likely result in [DATA EXPUNGED]. In addition, one (1) Foundation agent trained in flying commercial aircraft is to pilot SCP-616 through a pre-designed flight path, and must be able to maintain radio contact and information of events in SCP-616. Under no circumstances is the pilot cleared to approach SCP-616-1 once flight has begun. All personnel should be supplied with any religious paraphernalia they request before flight time. No extraneous personnel are to be present during flight for any reason, as they will likely be killed by SCP-616's activation, and provide corpses for reanimation or [DATA EXPUNGED].
The Roman Catholic Pope (or a similar Abrahamic religious figure) must bless the aircraft in accordance with the appropriate religious ceremony once per full year. The official must report to the Foundation and arrive physically at the Containment Site at least three days prior to the year elapsing. Failure to do so may result in the door opening, resulting in [DATA EXPUNGED]. In the unlikely event that any official misses the ceremony, a substitute of equal rank must be on hand to replace him or her.
Furthermore, two ███ nuclear devices with a combined yield of ██ megatons are to be armed inside the aircraft at all times. In the event of an XK-Class End-of-the-World scenario, or if the door closes during flight, resulting in [DATA EXPUNGED], [DATA EXPUNGED], or transfers hostile beings in large numbers, these devices are to be detonated if Procedure 600-Shoki cannot be enacted.
Those with Clearance 4 or higher, please see [DOCUMENT SCP-616 CP3]
Description: SCP-616 is a prototype Boeing ███-███, designed by █████ █████████ and constructed on 16/06/1966 to specifications. Though superficially similar to the Boeing 737 which went into service shortly afterwards, SCP-616's model had various internal alterations, including [DATA EXPUNGED]. Despite the various alterations, the most important feature of SCP-616 is the center left emergency door, which has been dubbed SCP-616-1. SCP-616-1 is a standard emergency door, though partially covered in extensive markings associated with Satanic cults adhering to [REDACTED]. SCP-616-1 can be opened without major incident when grounded, and leads to the outside of the aircraft as expected. However, this is discouraged as nearly all personnel opening and/or passing through the door have reported severe anxiety problems and a persistent feeling of being watched.
Long-term observation or exposure to SCP-616 is not recommended. Observation using any sort of electronic device is satisfactory while SCP-616 is grounded, though some visual anomalies have been recorded, including [DATA EXPUNGED]. As such, it is advised that personnel known to have a high tolerance to disturbing imagery be assigned to observation duty, and work no longer than three (3) consecutive days. All personnel involved in the repairs, observation, operation, or flight of SCP-616 must submit to psychological evaluations after each period of exposure.
SCP-616-1 will autonomously open once every thirty (30) days, and begin to close. This event can be considered the activation of SCP-616-1. The speed at which SCP-616-1 closes is highly dependent on SCP-616's altitude, velocity, and [DATA EXPUNGED]. It should be timed so that SCP-616-1 opens in mid-flight, at an altitude of approximately 10,972 m and a speed of about 780 km/h. Failure to properly time this event is catastrophic, since SCP-616-1 closing fully while grounded could affect all life-forms within an unknown radius, causing potentially hundreds of [DATA EXPUNGED], posing severe threats to population centers, and requiring immediate use of Procedure 600-Shoki. Please see [Document SCP-616 DE2] for further information on [DATA EXPUNGED] and effective means of termination.
Once SCP-616-1 spontaneously opens, cabin pressure will destabilize as expected, and extreme 'turbulence' is encountered. At various points during the flight, all present personnel may feel as if SCP-616 is quickly falling, though it has been ascertained that SCP-616 remains in relatively stable cruising conditions during all times, including during the times of these events. SCP-616-1's opening may cause certain individuals present to suffer fatal heart-attacks or [DATA EXPUNGED].
Corpses with an undamaged larynx present within SCP-616 once SCP-616-1 activates seemingly reanimate for the duration of the flight. The corpses remain largely immobile, and as such, pose no physical threat, but are capable of speech. These speaking corpses should be terminated if possible, as their speech poses potential psychological dangers, as well as enable SCP-616-1's closing via [DATA EXPUNGED]. The language spoken by these reanimated corpses remains unidentified.
Addendum 616-01: The airliner series never went into service, as the various anomalous events surrounding SCP-616's test flights were reported as various design failures. All plans and blue-prints have been seized by the Foundation. It is now believed █████ █████████'s designs were entirely intentional and done under no external compulsion. Recovered documents from the construction process describe [DATA EXPUNGED].
Addendum 616-02: On █/█/████, A remote controlled rover obtained footage from within SCP-616-1. All personnel who viewed this footage directly committed suicide by various means within a two-month period. A security tape of the video with the recording playing did not cause any death, despite containing full sound and color recordings of the footage. It displayed a video of a small child violently being [DATA EXPUNGED] within a dark red room. All further attempts to observe past the "event horizon" have yielded similar results, and such expeditions are no longer permitted.
Addendum 616-03: Interview logs pertaining to SCP-616 are available in document Interview 616-AM.
[DOCUMENT SCP-616 CP3]
NOTE: Clearance Level 4 or Higher Required
Item #: SCP-622
Object Class: Safe Euclid.
Special Containment Procedures: All cans and containers of SCP-622 are to be immediately transferred to Site 16. The formula for SCP-622 must be contained from the public by any means necessary. Any commercial trade of products containing SCP-622 should be documented and preferably intercepted before delivery. Any persons/organizations in possession of SCP-622 are to be taken in for questioning.
Handling SCP-622 will require seal-proof gloves, hand lotion, and at least one (1) canteen of water per personnel present.
In the event of a containment breach, the immediate area affected by SCP-622 is to be quarantined for no less than twenty-four (24) hours and hosed down with regular water shortly after.
Addendum 622-1: In light of Tests 622-1 through 622-3, all future testing of SCP-622 must take place outside of Site 16’s air circulation system.
Addendum 622-2: SCP-622 is not to be used outside under any circumstances. Additional containment procedures are only available to Security Level 4 Personnel and above, as per Protocol [REDACTED].
Description: SCP-622 is the chemical composition [DATA EXPUNGED], also known as █-██████████████ ███████████, developed by the █████ Chemical Company under the trade name “Desert in a Can”. SCP-622 was originally marketed as a security aid for large businesses to incapacitate intruders in a similar vein to tear gas or pepper spray. According to █████ Chemical Company, SCP-622 also doubled as a cleaning agent and insecticide, but due to its hazardous nature, █████ Chemical Company was shut down in 19██ before any more products of this nature could be manufactured. As of █/██/██, there are at least ███ to ████ documented cans of “Desert in a Can” remaining, most of which are still in possession and use by the following companies: [REDACTED].
According to the directions, one layer of SCP-622 is applied to hallways during a break-in or robbery. When applied, SCP-622 becomes odorless and colorless. Upon application, all moisture in the immediate area is absorbed by SCP-622, creating an easily-cleanable salt-like crust over the applied areas, identified to be the compounds sodium chloride (NaCl), magnesium sulfate (MgSO4), and ███████ ██████████ (██2██). When SCP-622 is exposed to organic life, the immediate effects are dehydration, dried eyes, and profuse sweating, which is quickly absorbed by SCP-622. Other effects include a significant drop in blood pressure, increase in heart rate, dizziness, and chills. For more information, see Test Log 622-3.
According to the can’s warning label, SCP-622 dissipates after twelve (12) hours, but according to Test 622-1, SCP-622 can last up to twenty-four to thirty-six (24-36) hours. Tests 622-2 and 622-3 show that SCP-622 will only dissipate in twelve (12) hours when [REDACTED – SECURITY LEVELS 3 AND UP, REFER TO TEST LOGS 622-2 AND 622-3].
Test Log 622-1:
Item #: SCP-623
Object Class: Safe
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-623 is located in the ████████ annex of ███████ University. The entrance to SCP-623 is to be guarded by two (2) Level 3 Security personnel at all times. In-room monitoring must take place every hour for no longer than five (5) minutes. Extended observation of SCP-623 is done from an external observation room through remote monitoring devices. Personnel operating within the observation room are required to switch out every five (5) minutes. An additional Level 3 Security Guard is required to escort any observers out of the observation room and must not enter until needed.
All personnel subjected to SCP-623 for longer than five (5) minutes are to be taken for psychological reevaluation, regardless of direct or indirect exposure.
No photos, videos, or sound recordings are permitted near SCP-623. Sketch-drawings and mock-ups must be approved by command-level personnel before being released. All photos, mockups, or recreations of SCP-623 are to be destroyed immediately.
SCP-623 may safely come into contact with room-altering SCPs, as any major alterations to the room neutralizes SCP-623's effect. However, room-altering SCPs will still carry their same inherent dangers.
Addendum 623-1: All testing on individual subjects may last no longer than six hours. Security monitoring observing personnel are now required to remove observing personnel before the fifth minute has elapsed; possibly earlier if needed.
Description: SCP-623 is a room of roughly 7 x 7 x 7 meters, built in 196█ by Dr. H███ D████, a biochemical professor at ███████ University, built as part of [DATA EXPUNGED]. Dr. D████ was subsequently arrested for his activities, but not before his students and followers began making copies of the room. As of 201█, at least ██ recreations of SCP-623 have been found across ██ college campuses.
The room is quite large and consists of the following objects:
• One (1) Blue Couch
• One (1) Red Couch
• One (1) Green Couch
• One (1) White Beanbag chair
• One (1) Circular Table, emulating a color wheel
• Seven (7) chairs surrounding aforementioned table
• Seven (7) multi-colored lighting fixtures
All of the furniture is arranged in a unique, mathematical-based pattern, coinciding with the patterns on both the walls and floor. All of the furniture has been nailed to the floor, most likely prior to painting. Because of the high ceilings, the eye is naturally drawn up to the psychedelic patterns on the walls. The arrangement of the furniture, the patterns surrounding the room, and their combined acoustics have a profound effect on mental behavior, regardless if the affected observer is deaf or blind. These effects extend through remote monitoring devices, still photos, and audio recording devices.
Upon entering SCP-623, personnel have described a feeling of relaxation. After three (3) minutes from entering SCP-623, personnel are incapable of violence, becoming docile and harmless. For the effects after five (5) minutes, refer to document #623-1. Due to the room’s pacifying effects, all attempts at removing the furniture are futile.
Exiting SCP-623 exhibits inverse withdrawal effects. Immediately after observation has stopped, observers will feel an intense jolt back to the outside world, which becomes significantly stronger over time spent inside. Other side effects vary over time. Upon leaving SCP-623 within one (1) minute of entering, personnel have reported feeling uneasy, jittery, and slightly paranoid. After leaving SCP-623 three (3) minutes from entering, personnel have exhibited anxiety, fear, and in worse cases, depression. For effects after five (5) minutes, refer to document #623-1.
Document #623-1
Item #: SCP-624
Object Class: Safe
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-624 is to be stored in Site 16's safe storage room and charged frequently by testing personnel. Testing is open to all Site 16 personnel with proper clearance. Personal access to SCP-624 is otherwise restricted. SCP-624 is not to be taken off of Site 16 unless in the event of an emergency.
SCP-624 must be listened to through regular headphones before being played on regular speakers. SCP-624 is not to be played at Site 16’s social functions for entertainment due to containment protocol and possible risk of humiliation of Site 16 personnel.
Audio created by SCP-624 is not to be sold commercially, nor shared through filesharing networks.
Addendum 624-1: Personnel who do not listen to music, do not like music, or have zero musical influences are not allowed to test SCP-624. See Test Log 624-1.
Description: SCP-624 is a Sandisk Sansa e200R Mp3 player and voice recorder. The back of the player says SCP-624 contains two (2) gigabytes of memory. Although the original owner’s manual claims there are pre-loaded sample songs, there are no files stored within its memory when played on normal speakers. Uploading music to SCP-624 seems to be impossible, as every program tested, including iTunes, Rhapsody, and Yahoo! Music, have all returned with encoding errors.
When powering up SCP-624 through headphones, a tone will play, and this tone will be picked up through SCP-624’s microphone. If SCP-624 does not detect the tone, it will shut down as if it were locked. If SCP-624 hears the tone from normal speakers, SCP-624 will power on normally, but contain no stored data. If SCP-624 detects the tone from a pair of headphones, SCP-624 automatically fills its library with two gigabytes worth of music. The music, in question, is all written, produced, played, and sung by the wearer of the headphones, regardless of current musical talent. Each song comes with an appropriate album cover and the listener’s artist profile, which is factually incorrect, possibly based on an alternate timeline if the listener had become a full-time musician.
When exposed to the musically inclined, SCP-624 will generate specific songs or improve songs they may have already written. When exposed to test subjects with little to no musical experience, SCP-624 will generate music based on their favorite music influences, regardless if they like the generated music or not. These songs tend to be very consistent to the listener, but more songs are added based on musical influences. If space runs out when the listener is introduced to a new musical influence, the listener’s least favorite songs are replaced. When shut down, the songs are subsequently deleted until SCP-624 is introduced to the listener once more.
Once powered up through headphones, the listener may unplug his or her headphones and connect SCP-624 to normal speakers. The audio files themselves cannot be transferred, but can be dubbed onto a separate recording device.
Test Log SCP-624-1:
Item #: SCP-629
Object Class: Safe
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-629 is to be contained in a standard humanoid containment cell. SCP-629 may only be taken apart during routine testing. Once per day, SCP-629 is to be provided with the materials it uses to maintain itself. As of current regulations on "Misters", SCP-629 is to be contained in Hall ██ of Site-██.
Description: SCP-629 is a humanoid automaton, 1.7 meters tall and weighing 500 kilograms. SCP-629's body has been constructed out of ornate brass replications of human body parts. SCP-629's components require daily maintenance, which only it can perform. The words "Mr. Brass, from Little Misters® by Dr. Wondertainment" have been embossed into SCP-629's back. This designation appears as "8" in Document SCP-909-a.
SCP-629's body has been constructed in such a way that every portion of it is removable and interchangeable. These parts can be removed without causing SCP-629 any damage, although it expresses minor discomfort when these parts are being removed. Additionally, the parts that have been removed from SCP-629 can be re-assembled into new areas. Testing has shown that the number of ways SCP-629 can be theoretically rearranged is approximately 73.4 billion different combinations. SCP-629 is capable of controlling these new constructions on its body, but expresses extreme discomfort from these areas of its body.
SCP-629 was recovered from a facility believed to have been controlled by the Church of the Broken God. SCP-629 was recovered in a raid on this Church property after reports of suspicious activity in the area were confirmed. It was located in the central antechamber as Church members attempted to integrate it into several other objects. It is believed that SCP-629 was being held at this facility due to Church members believing it was a portion of their 'god'. Interviews with SCP-629 have confirmed this. SCP-629 claimed that it at first allowed their beliefs to persist, as it believed that they would provide it with some level of safety. Church members located at this facility have been terminated as of ██/██/1995, and SCP-629 has been classified as Safe.
Interviewed: SCP-629
Interviewer: Dr.█████
Foreword: This log was taken as part of SCP-629's initial acquisition.
<Begin Log>
Item #: SCP-632
Object Class: Euclid
Special Containment Procedures: A live colony of SCP-632 is currently kept in a 20cm x 40cm x 20cm sealed enclosure in the Biological Containment Wing of Site-52. Sufficient amounts of prey insects and water must be administered weekly through a vacuum chute at the side of the enclosure. Both live and deceased samples of SCP-632 must be handled by personnel wearing full-body respiratory protective gear. Skin contact with SCP-632 instances is to be avoided at all times.
Personnel reporting headaches, sensations of spider silk on skin, and intrusive thoughts about spiders must submit to MRI scans to determine the presence of SCP-632 manifestation. Affected individuals are to be sedated and restrained before the onset of late-stage manifestation, and any newly-formed SCP-632 instances are to be surgically removed.
Uncontained instances of SCP-632 in the wild are to be destroyed on sight.
Description: SCP-632 is a type of arachnid that reproduces via unconventional means. Mature instances measure 10-15mm in length and are highly social, living in colonies numbering up to 500 individuals. While the exoskeleton of SCP-632 instances is composed of a substance resembling calcified fat, the interior is almost entirely derived from differentiated human brain tissue. SCP-632 is unusual among arachnid species in that both male and female SCP-632 are physiologically similar; sexual organs of both appear to be merely vestigial, likely as a result of its reproductive methods.
SCP-632 reproduces by exposing a human host to an array of sensory triggers. Such triggers include the visual patterns on SCP-632's abdomen, the tactile sensation produced by SCP-632 crawling on human skin, and several as-yet-unidentified chemical compounds released by mature SCP-632 instances.
2 to 3 hours following exposure to all of SCP-632's sensory triggers, affected individuals will experience mild headaches, sensations of spider silk on their skin, and repeated intrusive thoughts about spiders. MRI scans at this stage of infection reveal the presence of hundreds of small filament-like structures measuring 2-3cm in length forming in the frontal cortex of infected individuals' brains. The mechanism of cellular differentiation is as yet unknown to Foundation researchers, but is presumed to be similar to [REDACTED] observed in victims of SCP-1204. The pressure exerted on cerebral blood vessels by these structures causes headaches in affected individuals, localised towards the front of the skull. Repeated tapping on the affected areas causes the filament-like structures to release large amounts of endorphins, effectively alleviating the pain caused by their swelling. Growth of such structures can be halted via timely administration of Class-B amnestics; however, while this method prevents total SCP-632 manifestation from occurring, it does not cause existing symptoms to abate.
As SCP-632 manifestation progresses, affected individuals will experience gradual thinning of the anterior brain lining and skull, as bone, muscle and fat tissue is gradually incorporated into the filament-like structures in the frontal cortex. 6 to 7 days following initial exposure, headaches experienced by affected individuals will increase sharply in intensity and duration. This is due to the filament-like structures having already developed fully into instances of juvenile SCP-632, which greatly exacerbate the pressure on the cerebral blood vessels via their movements. Affected individuals at this point tend to apply increasing amounts of force to their foreheads in order to release enough endorphins to reduce the pain to tolerable levels. Eventually, most affected individuals end up fracturing their own skulls through accidental application of excessive force, at which point 80 to 200 instances of SCP-632 will exit the brain from the weakened point in the forehead.
Complete SCP-632 manifestation is usually fatal. However, if promptly attended to by qualified medical personnel, 86% of hosts in the final stage of SCP-632 manifestation do manage to survive, albeit with a permanent decrease in motor function, reduced impulse control, and severe arachnophobia.
Breach Event Log:
« SCP-631 | SCP-632 | SCP-633 »
Item #: SCP-639
Object Class: Safe
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-639 is to be kept in a standard containment cell measuring 3 m x 3 m furnished with whatever the subject requires so long as the items do not threaten security. SCP-639 should not leave containment area without an escort of at least one security guard, and should not be allowed to mingle with site personnel.
Description: SCP-639 is a Caucasian male approximately 1.6 m in height and weighing 78 kg, age 24. SCP-639 is viewed simultaneously on all angles regardless of viewer's position: being in front of the figure will have a view of his front, back, sides, and so forth. Attempts to capture the subject in any sort of photographic medium yields a heavily distorted figure (as shown in the attached image).
Exposure to SCP-639 causes extreme eyestrain and mild paranoia, with subjects reporting "not knowing if he was coming or going, or what he was even looking at." Effects do not persist once SCP-639 is removed. It should be noted that SCP-639 observes the whole of the world in the same fashion that it observes him (that is, all objects are apparently seen from all angles at once), which seems to have caused extreme paranoia as well as a host of associated mental illnesses.
SCP-639 was recovered in ██████, Texas, from the █████████ County Mental Hospital. Subject was under the care of Dr. ████ █████, who alerted the Foundation May 12, 20██. SCP-639 was picked up by Agents ██████ and ███, under the guise of a medical transfer. Class C amnestics were administered to staff. SCP-639 was transferred to Site-██ where he is currently being kept.
Addendum: Following interviews by Dr. ██████████, ██.
Interview Log 639-A
Item #: SCP-640
Object Class: Euclid
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-640 is to be kept inside an ellipsoidal room with a uniformly-reflective interior, such as nickel or chromium plating. The atmosphere in the room must be maintained at a temperature of between 260 and 307 K, at a relative humidity of 50% or less. Temperatures and humidities outside these limits greatly increase the entity's appetite and aggression and will likely result in personnel casualties.
The confinement chamber must be equipped with a light-tight airlock fitting equipped with an electronic interlock to prevent both doors from being simultaneously opened. Though SCP-640 is not known to be able to assume a gaseous form, these doors should be airtight and, if possible, watertight to facilitate emergency containment measures.
All personnel entering the containment facility must wear reflective suits including anti-IR face shields. Exposure time shall be limited to no more than 30 minutes without O5-level consent. All personnel shall receive a dose of amphetamine, modafinil, or caffeine prior to exposure; resistance, intolerance, or allergy to these drugs is an absolute contraindication to assignment to the SCP-640 study team.
Description: SCP-640 is a free-roaming sentient electromagnetic phenomenon, typically manifesting as several roughly circular spots of yellow-orange light, between 18 and 57 mm in diameter depending on the entity's current appetite and energy level. It has also been observed to manifest as spots of infrared and EHF radiation, and seems capable of rapidly varying its wavelength.
In all known instances, SCP-640 has disguised itself as spots of sunlight shining on a wall, typically inside a child's room. It generally fades from view (presumably by shifting into the IR or RF range) when closely investigated.
SCP-640 is carnivorous. While it is capable of deriving sustenance from all known Earth animals, SCP-640 shows a marked preference for humans and apes, especially children. It consumes its prey by inflicting burns of varying severity and depth. For as yet unknown reasons, SCP-640 tends to target the face, legs, and forearms of its prey. It also often feeds on the same prey repeatedly, allowing it time to heal between attacks. The entity prefers to attack sleeping prey, though if angry, hungry, or frightened, it will not hesitate to attack prey while awake. When it wishes, it can inflict fatal burn injuries to an adult human in approximately 120 seconds.
An attempt to destroy SCP-640 using a reflective room and a 25 GCd flashlamp has failed. However, testing revealed that a reflective room is effective in disrupting the entity's feeding.
As multiple specimens of SCP-640 have surfaced, an effective means of neutralization is being sought. The Foundation does not currently believe it necessary to contain more than a few specimens in light of the resources required.
Recovery Notes: The first SCP-640 specimen was recovered from the home of ████████ █████████ in ████████, Japan, in 1984, after both his children were admitted to a local hospital with severe burn injuries. The Foundation was alerted by an anonymous source believed to be working for [REDACTED]. Foundation agents discovered the entity after several weeks of probing, during which time one of the children was killed by the entity. Agents managed to capture it using [DATA EXPUNGED] and transported it to Site 17 for containment.
A second specimen was recovered in ████████, ████████, United States, in 1999, and another in 2006, both in the same neighborhood.
Addendum 640-a: Reports from Australia suggest there is at least one SCP-640 specimen in the wild somewhere in ████████ and likely another in █████████. Agents are currently attempting to locate and contain the entities.
Addendum 640-b: In two separate incidents, SCP-640 has been observed to distract researchers, causing them to have accidents resulting in breach of suit integrity. Following suit breach, both researchers were fatally attacked by SCP-640. Research team lead has recommended that SCP-640 be provisionally assigned Keter classification pending further investigation to determine whether the entity's actions were deliberate or fortuitous.
Addendum 640-c: Provisional Keter classification denied, object has been returned to Euclid classification.
« SCP-639 | SCP-640 | SCP-641 »
Item #: SCP-641
Object Class: Safe
Special Containment Procedures: When not in use by researchers or containment teams, the doll is to be stored under lock and key in an on-site safety deposit box. The box should be lined with felt and filled with packing materials in order to ensure its safety.
Description: SCP-641 is a seemingly ordinary set of Russian matryoshka dolls, but each layer is improbably thin. 1,347 layers of the doll were measured and demonstrated a mean thickness of .04 micrometers with a standard deviation of .02 micrometers. If the disassembled dolls are left untouched for a length of time (ranging from five to seven minutes) the dolls will animate and begin to reassemble- the largest doll 'leaping' over the next largest until the doll is assembled at an extremely rapid rate. The longest time this phenomenon has been observed is three minutes and forty-six seconds, the doll reassembling itself from 3,228 separate pieces. Subjects disassembling the dolls show a marked aversion to leaving the dolls alone, and if compelled to do so will become angry, physically fighting any restraints until the dolls begin to reassemble, at which point attempts to reach the doll cease and the subject typically turns on those responsible for restraints, shouting obscenities until tranquilized. Subjects utilizing the doll show a single-minded interest in disassembly, and will not be distracted without an interruption of significant magnitude, threatening the subject's safety or health. Afterwards, the subjects recall disassembling SCP-641, but exhibit nothing more than mild annoyance at most.
Document 641-1: This document is the transcript of Dr. Frederick Heiden's comments, upon utilization of the object.
Dr. Heiden: Experiment 641-1. I will attempt to disassemble SCP-641 and record at five-minute intervals. Guards are posted at the doors and I am unarmed, in case I become unmanageable.
Dr. Heiden: Five minutes, three seconds. I have removed thirty-two layers. I am proceeding slowly specifically despite my urge to move rapidly.
[time passes]
Dr. Heiden: Nine minutes, fifty-nine seconds. Sixty-eight layers removed. The urge is growing stronger… I really want to see what's in the middle of this thing.
[time passes]
Dr. Heiden: Sixteen minutes, twenty-three seconds. Four hundred eighty-three layers removed. This is more fun than I gave it credit for at first. Wasn't paying attention to the stopwatch, I'll correct that for the next report at twenty minutes.
[time passes]
Guard: Doctor Heiden, don't you need to make a rep-
Dr. Heiden: Shut up. Wait, shit. Uh… forty-five minutes, twenty-three seconds. Oh, man. Terminating experiment, I may be compromised by SCP-641. *sounds of a chair scuffling* Stevens, replace the object in its holding container, I'm going to Psych for an evaluation.
(sounds of a chair scuffing the floor, then footsteps)
Note: Dr. Heiden has demonstrated an aversion to contact with SCP-641 after the incident documented, and his psychological profile demonstrated no dangerous tendencies. After a month, he was placed back on duty as head of research for SCP-641.
Addendum: The object is under no circumstances to be used for personal amusement or recreation. Any personnel seen improperly utilizing SCP-641 will be reprimanded and a note placed on their personnel file pending transfer to another project. Any experiments with the object are to be performed with D-class personnel whose medical history shows no alcohol or narcotics abuse, and whose psychological profile shows no predilection to addiction. If the object needs to be neutralized to prevent capture, current research indicates that a hammer, or tightly closed fist will do.
Notes: This object shows potential in pacification of dangerous humanoid SCPs, research into how the effect is achieved will continue. Any field teams requesting access to SCP-641 may submit a request directly to me. Please include a description of who will be accessing the device, and notations of their trustworthiness - if it is broken, you will have me to answer to. - Dr. Frederick Heiden
« SCP-640 | SCP-641 | SCP-642 »
Item #: SCP-643
Object Class: Safe
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-643 is to be contained in a cold storage cell located at Site-77's Safe SCP wing. The ambient temperature of the room that SCP-643 is contained in must never exceed 10° Celsius. Any circumstance resulting in the temperature rising above this threshold is to be treated as a potential containment breach. Personnel handling SCP-643, or performing testing in its liquid state, are required to wear a hazmat suit equipped with a self-contained breathing apparatus.
Description: SCP-643 is a collection of 79 chocolate candies. Individual instances of SCP-643 do not appear to have notable aesthetic differences from normal chocolates, and on average weigh between 100 and 160 grams. Instances of SCP-643 have a much lower melting point than ordinary chocolates, and have been observed to melt at temperatures as low as 15° Celsius.
If any portion of SCP-643 moves into a liquid state, its anomalous properties will manifest. While it is in a liquid state, SCP-643 will become highly mobile and will move to the nearest edible substance. When a suitable substance is found, SCP-643 will cover as much of its mass as possible. Any substance that is covered with SCP-643 will begin to exude a strong, pleasant aroma. Organisms that consume SCP-643 become instances of SCP-643-1. Instances of SCP-643-1 will possess the same desirability as any edible substance coated in SCP-643. However, note that instances of SCP-643-1 are not covered by SCP-643, which is digested normally. Any organism that views an instance of SCP-643-1 will attempt to consume it regardless of any previous relation. Organisms who consume portions of a SCP-643-1 instance will describe the experience as highly pleasurable.
SCP-643 was recovered from a freezer located inside a bakery in Jacksonville, FL, where police had arrested 3 employees for cannibalizing their co-workers and several of the bakery's patrons. Agents embedded in the local police department noted that SCP-643 had caused the incident, and recovered 79 instances of SCP-643 from the bakery. Witnesses were administered Class-C amnestics, and SCP-643 was classified as Safe on ██/██/1978.
Addendum: Excerpt from Interview 643-A
Interviewed: D-4312
Interviewer: Dr. B███
Foreword: D-4312 had attempted to consume D-1122 while the latter was under SCP-643's effect.
<Begin Log>
Item #: SCP-649
Object Class: Safe
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-649 is to be kept closed in a standard containment locker, located within Site-77. It should not be opened unless testing is being performed. SCP-649 is not to be moved from its containment chamber unless testing is being performed. In case of containment failure, heating implements should be placed in the cell to inhibit SCP-649's effect.
Description: SCP-649 is a Diamond brand matchbox, containing standard thirty two (32) match count. It has a mark on the underside of the box, resembling a snowflake. Whenever SCP-649 is left open for more than fifteen (15) minutes, or one of its matches is struck1, its anomalous properties will manifest. The area SCP-649 is held in will experience a sudden decrease in temperature, followed by strong winds. These winds will still develop if the item is indoors.
When the temperature in the area SCP-649 inhabits reaches 0 degrees Celsius, SCP-649 will begin to exude large amounts of snow and sleet in a manner similar to SCP-2082. In addition, SCP-649's area of effect will rapidly increase, to a radius of 1km. The sleet and snow will be continuously produced by SCP-649 until the entire radius is covered by snowfall at least three (3) meters deep with a temperature below -30 degrees Celsius.
SCP-649's area of effect will expand at a rate of fifteen (15) meters an hour, continuously. In addition, tundra-like conditions will develop near the epicenter of SCP-649's effect, expanding at the same rate. The temperature within SCP-649's radius will stay at a constant -45 degrees Celsius. This effect will continue indefinitely, with the only known means of halting the expansion of the area of effect being to close SCP-649's lid.
SCP-649 was discovered on 04/19/1987, from ███████████, WV. Reports had reached Foundation operatives indicating that the town was experiencing blizzard conditions, which prompted investigation. SCP-649 was found in the center of the town, within a cemetery. Agents were able to contain SCP-649 on 06/16/1987, classifying it as Euclid. Amnestics were dispersed to local citizens, and a cover story blaming the incident on global warming disseminated.
Addendum 649-A: SCP-649 was left open for approximately one hour and forty-eight minutes (1:48:00). After one hour and forty five minutes (1:45:00), children's laughing could be heard, and a snowball hit Dr. Pena. Silhouettes of small forms could be seen through the fog. Three (3) D-Class personnel were sent to investigate. When they did not return after an additional twenty (20) minutes, SCP-649 was closed and containment protocol initiated. The D-Class personnel have not been recovered. When the tape was replayed, one of the D-Class could be seen led by small figures through the walls of the test chamber. Records on the missing personnel indicate all three (one (1) male, two (2) female) had had children who had died before adolescence. All testing with such personnel has been suspended.
« SCP-648 | SCP-649 | SCP-650 »
Item #: SCP-650
Object Class: Euclid
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-650 is to be stored in a lockable room at least 4 meters by 4 meters, with comfortable lighting. It must remain under constant surveillance by no less than three (3) personnel. Observers are to position themselves so that the SCP and at least one additional observer are in their line of sight at all times.
Observation via remote methods such as security cameras is permissible, so long as concentration is not broken at any time. This method should only be used in case of emergency, however, due to the possibility of accidental loss of sight.
Description: SCP-650 is a black statue of a stylized humanoid 167cm tall. The statue does not possess hands or facial features: the limbs taper off into rounded points and the head is a smooth surface all around. The default posture while under observation has the statue reaching upwards, head tilted as if facing the sky. Composition of the statue is currently undetermined; materials testing has yielded inconclusive and contradictory results.
If the statue is not being observed, it will relocate itself to a point immediately behind whomever is in the containment site and assume a threatening posture. No noise is made during this relocation process, so the precise method of locomotion is as of yet unknown. The relocation point and posture are typically close enough to induce an automatic fight-or-flight response in the observer once they turn around and see it.
However, it should be noted that SCP-650 has not yet shown any signs of active aggression or hostility. Based on trial responses that varied the amount of time between breaking and re-establishing line-of-sight, its purpose does not seem to be to attack but merely to startle. The reason for this is unknown, and no further research is pending to determine its motives.
While the primary method appears to be triggering a startled reaction via close proximity, the SCP has also shown varied other postures in the presence of observers who have become used to its effects. In the cases of these observers, the statue has assumed other postures a comfortable distance away, including reclining on a table, "sitting" on a chair, and in one instance, huddled in a corner as if terrified. Given that the observers who reported these postures also mentioned that they were left feeling uneasy, it is theorized that this may simply be a secondary method of generating reactions.
Addendum:
Item #: SCP-651
Object Class: Euclid
Special Containment Procedures: Subjects infected with SCP-651 are to be kept and treated in the secure medical wing of Site-██. Any secretions of SCP-651 patients should be disposed of in the manner detailed in protocol 9913-B. Access to SCP-651 patients by non-medical personnel is subject to O5 approval.
Description: SCP-651 is a highly contagious, human-infecting viral genus that causes the fusion of soft tissues. Usually first affecting the distal extremities, the effects of SCP-651 can be observed early in the form of webbing of the fingers and toes. SCP-651 spreads to affect the entire body, typically fusing the subject's thighs and cubital fossa, and eventually causing the mouth, ears, eyes, nostrils, and anus to seal completely. Subjects surviving into the late stages of SCP-651 are forced into a fetal position, the forehead eventually fusing with the knees.
The fusion of tissues can be slowed, but not prevented, by the insertion of obstructions into the affected area. This can cause the infection to take effect on the areas surrounding the object. If left unattended, foreign objects can become enclosed in flesh. If cut open, fused tissues will reform and heal in the usual manner for human wounds.
Notable cases of SCP-651 infection
Item #: SCP-654
Object Class: Neutralized (Formerly Keter)
Special Containment Procedures: Direct containment of SCP-654 is deferred to GoI-466 (Wilson's Wildlife Solutions) as per the Boring Agreement1.
SCP-654 is contained in a specially constructed habitat that constantly circulates saltwater kept at a temperature of approximately -1.8 °C. Chamber walls outside of the aquatic enclosure have been plated with insulating ceramic composite.
Description: SCP-654 is a male narwhal (Monodon monoceros), visually disparate from others of its species only in that its characteristic spiral tusk has grown in a clockwise helix from the jaw, rather than the counterclockwise helix found in all other examined narwhals to date. SCP-654 is able to emit sudden bursts of electrostatic discharge from the apex of its tusk. The discharge is reminiscent of lightning, and is accompanied by a loud crack of sound. While not particularly accurate, the tusk can be used to direct the discharge.
Discovery: Wilson's Wildlife Solutions employees operating in Tickle Creek documented an “Unseasonal lightning strike,” and had been sent to quash a possible forest fire. Having found only a large amount of melted ice and the charred remains of three bears, an incident report was filed and the Foundation stepped in to assist in the containment of the anomaly.
SCP-654 was located following a sweep of the area, caught in between the ice floes of the river. After a short corralling, it was sedated, placed into a porpoise stretcher, and airlifted to a park landing strip. From there, it was transported and sedated for the duration of the flight to the Wilson Aquatics Center, where it was held in a standard marine enclosure until its habitat could be constructed.
Addendum 654-1: Wilson's Wildlife Solutions Documentation on SCP-654
SCP-654 was found as a lone specimen, a rarity for narwhals such as itself. I have arranged for a small team to comb the area where we found it for other members of its pod, as it is possible they also possess the same abnormality as SCP-654, though I doubt anything will come of it.
By the by, will you be refunding us for the construction material and labor spent to construct the new enclosure? We had to spend a ton and it wasn't really in our budget but we wanted to do what was best for the critter, though I worry it may be too small for it.
Regards,
Faeowynn Wilson
Thunderhorn has been using his ability to shoot birds out of the sky lately. Whether this is an act of malice or boredom is beyond me, though I suppose being stuck in such a small enclosure would make psychopaths of us all. I would like to look into enlarging his current accommodations because rehabilitation appears to be a far-off goal with Thunderhorn. He isn't exactly the friendliest critter we've got around; maybe he misses his pod? His caretakers tell me that it's more likely he's unhappy with the size of his enclosure.
By the way, will you be able to refund us for the labor and materials used to build his current enclosure? It's been a few months and I still haven't gotten a reply. Not to sound pushy, but this is a little ridiculous, don't you think?
Regards,
Faeowynn Wilson
It has been 7 months since Thunderhorn was placed under my care (6 since my initial request for financial assistance, by the way!), and I have noticed an increased hostility between it and my staff. It blasts electricity at anyone who approaches its habitat without food almost without fail. Even if one is bringing food to it, Thunderhorn has made it evident that it does not care for their company for any longer than it takes to dump its meal into the habitat. We're going to try figuring out what's wrong with him, but I don't want to risk any of my volunteers being hurt.
In case you're curious, I went ahead and estimated the cost of refunding us for supplies and labor as well as maintenance for Thunderhorn's enclosure. It would cost $15,321.12 at the very least. I know you can spare at least that much, I've seen what kind of stuff you have in Site-64.
Regards,
Faeowynn Wilson
It was noticed today by his caretaker that Thunderhorn appears to have some burns along his dorsal. We have reviewed all security footage of the past two weeks and found no evidence of anyone attempting to damage Thunderhorn, but we did find that it appears to have struck itself with its own anomalous properties several times. We had just assumed that Thunderhorn possessed an immunity to its own electric properties, but this is clearly incorrect. I wonder if perhaps he was able to avoid self-damage in the wild due to having a larger space to use its properties within? Perhaps this is why he has been increasingly hostile to members of staff lately. Maybe this is why we should expand his enclosure. Maybe this would help him not injure himself. Maybe, just maybe, this will help us keep him in check.
Anyway, I will be launching a campaign to cure him of his wounds alongside our LAIM vets tomorrow.
Regards,
Faeowynn Wilson
Thunderhorn put up one hell of a fight but we were able to get him under control with some tranquilizers, a crane, and a porpoise stretcher. Our LAIM Vet says he's going to need constant monitoring and enteral feeding, but he will recover eventually. This will be very taxing on our constrained budget and I hope we can negotiate some form of financial agreement to ease the strain while Thunderhorn recovers.
While we are on the topic of financial agreements, perhaps we can revisit the proposal to enlarge his accommodations? It's been a year and I still haven't heard back from you guys about anything I send requests for. Am I doing this wrong? Please advise.
Regards,
Faeowynn Wilson
To update you on Thunderhorn, he has spent the last two weeks in a special enclosure we cobbled together out of what was left of the materials we used to build his original enclosure. Though his physical health is improving, his caretakers are telling me he is even more unhappy with his current accommodations and this may in fact lead to another incident with him.
This could have all been avoided had whoever monitors this email have responded to us. That being said, is this email even monitored? I feel like I'm shouting into the void here.
Is anyone there?
Faeowynn Wilson
Thunderhorn is dead, and so is my center.
Fuck you,
Faeowynn Wilson
Following the neutralization of SCP-654 due to negligent behavior by Wilson's Wildlife Solution's staff, the Foundation called for a re-evaluation of the Boring Agreement. Below are the minutes from a meeting between Wilson's Wildlife Solution President Faeowynn Wilson and GoI Liason Doctor Justine Everwood.
<BEGIN LOG>
Item #: SCP-658
Object class: Euclid
Special Containment Procedures: Any small instance of SCP-658 (measuring no more than 50 cm in the largest dimension), when not involved in experimentation, is to be stored, alone, within a steel box preferably kept closed via simple low-tech means, such as tying with strings or duct tape, or weighing down the lid. Boxes with external mechanical or electronic locks are to be avoided for this purpose; boxes with mechanisms accessible from the inside must not be used.
Larger instances of SCP-658 are to be destroyed as soon as possible.
Unless exposure is necessary for sake of experimentation, every instance of SCP-658 is to be kept at least 3 meters from all electronic devices, as well as all noticeably complex mechanical machinery; when in doubt as to whether an item belongs to such a category, personnel are to err on the side of caution. Devices affected by SCP-658, when not used for experimentation, are to be destroyed. Machinery affected by SCP-658 must not be connected to an electrical outlet for any amount of time.
Description: Each instance of SCP-658 is an autonomous robotic device. Size and weight varies widely; specimens as small as 5 mm, or as large as ███ m, have been observed. Bottom half of each specimen contains four spiderlike, highly flexible legs and a single "eye". Appearance and structure of upper half is different in every SCP-658.
SCP-658 remain active at all times, despite appearing to lack any power source. While behavior varies between instances, when otherwise unoccupied most tend to explore their surroundings; SCP-658 are capable of running at varying speeds, climbing up even flat vertical walls, and swimming.
SCP-658 are capable of reproduction, achieved through "impregnating" other machines. "Machine", in this case, is essentially defined as any complex manmade mechanism. This includes items as disparate as wristwatches, typewriters, personal computers, motor vehicles, and - though rarely - other SCP-658. Impregnation is carried out via a poorly-understood process that requires only momentary physical contact. As a result of the process, an "embryo" will appear inside the machine (hereafter referred to as "host").
The embryo initially appears to be a featureless lump of plastic and metal measuring 1 mm, but develops and grows quickly within its host. As an embryo expands, it connects and incorporates increasingly more of its host's internal mechanisms into its own structure. The embryo partially takes on the task of maintaining the functions of its host, whose users usually fail to notice anything is amiss, and believe that the host machine is working no less effectively than usual; however, visible minor "glitches" and anomalies, as well as external deformation, tend to appear toward the end of the "gestation".
The embryo will also break down some of the host machine's internal components, both for the purpose of constructing its own body, and for weakening the host's structural integrity in preparation for "birth".
At the end of the gestation cycle (which takes a varying amount of time depending on the nature of the host), the embryo, now developed into a mature SCP-658, exits its host by ripping it apart. The new SCP-658 immediately assumes the behavior typical for other SCP-658 instances; in particular, it is immediately capable of reproduction. Size, form and behavior of the new SCP-658 depend on the host machine. See log below.
Excerpt from Document 658-L: Log of past impregnations
Item #: SCP-659
Object Class: Euclid Keter
Special Containment Procedures: All specimens of SCP-659 must be kept at least twenty-five (25) meters distant from each other. Ideally, specimens should be stored in separate facilities, but research has shown that 25 meters is sufficient to prevent flock behavior (Document 659-██). Specimens of SCP-659 can be held in containment able to hold an ordinary bird; however, the containment strategy must be changed at least once per week. More frequent changes are permitted if the specimen appears to have discovered an escape method. Previously used containment strategies must not be recycled on the same specimen. In the event of catastrophic containment failure total facility lockdown must be enacted. Due to the likely harmless nature of SCP-659, retrieval of wild specimens is not considered a priority. Recovery or extermination of all wild SCP-659 is extremely high priority; formation of a wild flock must be prevented by any means necessary.
Description: SCP-659 is a species of bird, resembling a heron, which displays a modular intelligence. Native to North America, only a single flock of SCP-659 is known, although there have been unconfirmed sightings in Europe (Document 659-█). SCP-659 is naturally an ichthyovore, and as such prefers wetland habitats, but it can survive wherever open water exists. SCP-659 is now known to be able to subsist on any form of meat, although whenever possible it will still consume fish. When an individual specimen is kept isolated from the flock, it is indistinguishable from an ordinary bird. However, when specimens come near each other, each gains the combined intelligence of the group.
Even when independent from the group, SCP-659 is still more intelligent than most species of bird. An isolated SCP-659 can solve simple problems, use tools, and learn extremely quickly. When in a group, SCP-659 is capable of escaping all forms of containment the Foundation has attempted to use. For this reason, the only effective containment strategy is isolation.
Research has determined that SCP-659 achieves human-level intelligence and sapience when the flock reaches ██ individuals in size. Although the flock is extraordinarily coordinated, it does not display the properties of an aggregate consciousness, or "hive mind": beyond the increase in intelligence, there is no telepathic element to their behavior. Dissent has also been observed. At this level of intelligence, the flock becomes capable of learning human languages, and iterations of the flock have, in the past, learned to converse in English (see Interview Log 659-1), Spanish (Interview Log 659-█), and French (Interview Log 659-█). The flock is capable of even faster learning than an individual, and even a small flock surpasses human learning speed. SCP-659 is not known to be hostile. At this level of intelligence, SCP-659 also develops a vigorous hostility to humans. While this behavior was not present when SCP-659 was first encountered in the wild, it has been present in every iteration of the flock since Incident 659-A.
Addendum: Incident 659-A:
Item #: SCP-660
Object Class: Safe
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-660 may be safely stored in a standard locked safe-deposit box, provided its mouth remains covered with an inert Perspex disc and sealed with affixed tamper-proof strips. SCP-660 may be checked out for testing and research with the written approval of staff of Level 3 clearance or higher.
Human testing of SCP-660 is discontinued.
Description: SCP-660 is an irregular earthenware urn roughly 23cm in height and 28cm in diameter, with an opening 20cm in diameter. The composition of SCP-660 is consistent with generic earthenware clays. The interior of SCP-660 is coated with dried mammalian uterine tissue similar to human endometrial lining. DNA testing is inconclusive.
SCP-660 is capable of indefinitely preserving all biological tissue placed within it, regardless of external conditions or the state of the sample, until the tissues are removed. Living tissue will remain viable, and living organisms will remain alive, even when deprived of sustenance for extended periods of time. While the exact mechanism responsible for this is uncertain, isotopic labeling has shown that it involves the exchange of biological matter between the sample and SCP-660's interior coating.
Cell cultures from tissues preserved in SCP-660 retain an abnormally high rate of cell replication; several samples have tested positive for precancerous markers in smear tests.
SCP-660-1 was a human fetus originally found in SCP-660, most likely having been sealed in the artifact for at least 6,600 years. However, SCP-660-1 immediately underwent massive transformation upon removal, additionally developing several █████-████ █████████ consistent with Anthropogenic ██████-Progression. SCP-660-1 is most likely neutralized. Details are available to personnel with Clearance 4/660.
Recovery: SCP-660 was originally recovered from an archaeological dig in ████████, ██████, where it was found in a purported gravesite among a number of other mundane artifacts. A beeswax seal covering the mouth of SCP-660 was dislodged during the excavation process, revealing SCP-660-1. [DATA EXPUNGED], after which the site was secured by the Foundation. The notes of Dr. ████████ (presumed deceased) enabled the isolation of SCP-660 from the rest of the artifacts.
Log of tests involving human experimentation with SCP-660
Item #: SCP-662
Object Class: Safe
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-662 should be kept in its red velvet lined case and stored in High Value Storage locker 23C located at ███████ when not being utilized for testing or other appropriate activities. The item itself is safe to handle, and poses no known threats of any kind, though the effects generated could be considered highly valuable and variably powerful depending upon how the SCP is used.
Description: SCP-662 is a small silver hand bell, 4 cm tall and 2 cm in circumference. The bell is missing its ringer. Within the inside of the bell, an inscription has been etched into the silver, reading: “Forever Mine – S.J.W.” The bell is susceptible to damage; however, given its safe nature, destruction has been deemed unnecessary. As it is made of very pure silver, it requires regular polishing to remain without tarnish.
When the bell is shaken as if to ring it, a soft chime can be heard (although this does not come from the bell). A short well-dressed Caucasian butler of self-proclaimed British heritage, calling himself Mr. Deeds, will appear from the nearest area not within line of sight, usually from around a corner. Mr. Deeds will address the ringer of the bell by their appropriate title and last name, and ask what it is they desire. His knowledge of individuals’ last names and titles is a mystery, as he himself will purport. Please see interview log 662-L1 for further details.
Most reasonable requests given to Mr. Deeds will result in satisfaction. However, there are limits to what he can do. He is unable to produce very complex items such as sports cars, luxury homes, or personal jets. If he is allowed to leave line of sight and return, he is able to produce smaller, less complex items such as a ham sandwich, a glass of iced tea, or even more luxurious items like caviar or a brick of gold. A list of notable items the butler has thus far been able to provide to those who ring the bell may be found in addendum 662-A1.
Mr. Deeds will also perform menial tasks, such as washing vehicles, preparing food, and cleaning bathrooms. If a request is deemed unreasonable or impossible by the butler, he will kindly tell the ringer so, and offer an alternative if one may be had.
The butler is not immune to ill actions taken against him while in sight. He has been killed or injured in multiple tests, and will remain either dead or injured until he is out of sight. Upon return with a ring of the bell, all previous injuries will have vanished and he will be groomed and well dressed in his uniform, and ready for the next order.
A more detailed explanation of the jobs he can perform and the limits to which he may be put can be found in the aforementioned interview log 662-L1. Test logs relating to his ability to heal himself, and those of the properties of the bell, may be accessed by any level 2 or higher personnel. All attempts to catch Mr. Deeds "disappearing" have failed, as equipment will either fail or he will find a suitable unobserved spot.
Addendum
Item #: SCP-663
Object Class: Euclid
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-663 is to be kept in the second floor break room at Site 19. It is to remain in view of the security cameras, in a marked location near the sink. SCP-663 is not to be touched while processing. Only tap water is to be processed, with the reservoir filled every six hours. In the event that filling the reservoir ceases to effectively subdue SCP-663, it is to be placed in a soundproofed isolation chamber for seven (7) days. The desiccated human heart is then to be removed from the filtration chamber by one Level 2 researcher, and contained for study. The filter core is to be placed back in SCP-663, and then returned to the second floor break room. If SCP-663 is filled more than twice within six hours, it is to immediately be transported to a thermally shielded containment room by Level 1 personnel, and remain under thermal camera observation until it returns to room temperature.
Description: SCP-663 is a █████ brand water filtration pitcher, lacking a serial number and appearing slightly different from other models produced by █████. It appears to be capable of filtering any water-bearing solution into clean and drinkable water, nearly completely deionized. While filtering, there is a detectable heartbeat from the filter core, and it releases several calories of heat per gram of filtered solution. If the filter reservoir is refilled more than once in rapid succession, the entire outside surface of the pitcher will quickly become too hot to safely handle. SCP-663 will also begin to gurgle loudly, eventually screaming in a human voice that it is drowning, and for no more water to be added.
If SCP-663 goes too long without being filled, it will begin voicing a need for water. It then progresses to screaming for help, claiming to be trapped, lost, and dying of thirst. Refilling the reservoir causes the vocalization to subside. After a period of several months, it will require water more frequently, eventually needing to be refilled so often that it constantly overheats. Once it reaches this point, the voice will constantly sound confused and frightened, eventually becoming increasingly pained and rasping until the source of the voice appears to expire of thirst. Once the voice and heartbeat cease, a dried human heart will fall into the bottom reservoir. The heartbeat will resume, and a different voice will come from SCP-663.
Addendum:
Item #: SCP-667
Object Class: Keter
Special Containment Procedures: The primary sample of SCP-667-1 is to be trimmed to an area of 0.5 sq km and maintained regularly to prevent it from expanding outside its current habitat. The perimeter of SCP-667-1's habitat is to be cleared of vegetation in a 30 m radius and fenced to prevent unauthorized access, and a region within a 3 km radius of the habitat is to be designated off-limits to civilian hikers or recreationists to prevent contact with SCP-667-2. Surveillance personnel are authorized to employ pesticides or fire to neutralize any instances of SCP-667-2 attempting to exit the containment zone.
During periods when SCP-667-2 is observed to be active, maintenance personnel are to withdraw from the habitat. An individual adult mammal, or an individual D-class awaiting scheduled termination, is to be introduced into the habitat after being tagged with a radio tracking or GPS device. D-class personnel may be issued audio or video equipment at project manager discretion. Feeding is to continue at a rate of one individual per day until SCP-667-2 becomes inactive.
Additional samples of SCP-667-1 may be produced from cuttings and grown within prescribed limits in a fully contained area at O5 discretion. All attempts to capture a live sample of SCP-667-2 are currently prohibited pending development of a means to counteract its mind-affecting properties. Any SCP-667-2 remains recovered are to be transferred to Site 73 for necropsy, analysis, and archival.
Description: SCP-667 is a symbiotic pairing consisting of a colony of flowering vines of an unclassified species morphologically similar to Pueraria lobata ("kudzu"), designated SCP-667-1, and an unclassified species of flying creatures possessing insectoid and humanoid morphological qualities, designated SCP-667-2. The only known instance of SCP-667 in the world is located in a wilderness area in the southeastern United States, approximately ██ km north of ██████████, ██, and covered an area of ██ sq km prior to being trimmed to its current size. Forensic analysis of skeletal remains found within SCP-667-1 indicate that it was introduced to the region shortly after the introduction of kudzu to the United States in the late 19th century.
In the presence of adequate nutrition, SCP-667-1 is capable of growing at a rate considerably greater than that of the standard kudzu plant; samples in captivity, under ideal conditions, have been observed to grow as rapidly as 2.5 meters per day. SCP-667-1 is capable of planting roots in almost any form of soil or soft organic tissue and will grow along or over the surface of any foreign matter in the path of its growth, including trees, structures, automobiles, or animal life. SCP-667-1's primary source of nutrition is derived from humans or other large mammals; upon encountering a sleeping, paralyzed, or dead animal within its path of growth, SCP-667-1 will rapidly grow around and through the creature, gradually consuming and metabolizing its remains to further its growth. SCP-667-1's vines, flowers, and roots contain large quantities of alkaline compounds which render it unpalatable to human beings and all other animal species (besides SCP-667-2) on which it has been tested.
Mature SCP-667-2 organisms are approximately 7.5 cm in length, with two large wings extending the entire length of the organism. Dissections indicate that SCP-667-2's internal biology is similar to that of insects of the family Lampyridae ("fireflies"). SCP-667-2's exoskeleton strongly resembles a miniaturized human being, with the organism's thorax being contained within the chest cavity and the abdomen and bioluminescent organ concealed within the legs. Male and female SCP-667-2 organisms have been recovered; female SCP-667-2 organisms reproduce by laying eggs which hatch as larvae, burrowing into the soils underneath SCP-667-1 and emerging as mature insects the following year. The current wild population of mature SCP-667-2 organisms at any given time is estimated to be less than 5,000; as many as ██████ are believed to have existed prior to trimming.
Mature SCP-667-2 organisms dwell exclusively on, underneath, and around SCP-667-1, and subsist by feeding on the nectar produced by SCP-667-1's flowers. When SCP-667-1's growth begins to slow due to deficiencies in its food supply, swarms of several hundred SCP-667-2 organisms separate from the main colony and will travel outward until encountering any medium-to-large sized mammal in the area. SCP-667-2 swarms are almost always active only during nighttime hours and are bioluminescent, producing a highly visible green glow throughout the entire organism. All human beings directly observing an SCP-667-2 swarm have described a strong hypnotic effect and a compulsion to follow the swarm, which inevitably results in the swarm leading the mesmerized human to the edge of SCP-667-1's current path of growth; non-human mammals have similarly displayed a compulsion to follow the swarm and obliviousness to outside stimuli. Upon reaching the edge of SCP-667-1, the mesmerized individual will sit or stand still and continue to observe the swarm until dying of thirst, exposure, or as the result of being engulfed by SCP-667-1. At the time of trimming, skeletal remains of approximately ██████ distinctly identifiable mammals, including ███ humans, were recovered from the cleared area.
SCP-667 came to the Foundation's attention in 20██, following a dramatic increase of missing persons within the [REDACTED] Wilderness Area in the state of ██. United States Forest Service officials identified SCP-667-1 as the cause of the missing persons, and upon the loss of several personnel to SCP-667-2 swarms contacted the Foundation's liaison within the Department of Agriculture, leading to the establishment of Foundation containment over the area. At the time of discovery, SCP-667-1 had become highly invasive and its growth was projected to reach the outskirts of the city of [REDACTED] within less than a decade; approximately 9█% of SCP-667-1 was destroyed by incineration, under pretense of a forest fire, in order to reduce the colony's size to a manageable level. Examination of the region indicates that almost all of SCP-667-1's growth had occurred within the past 20 years; the Foundation's current working hypothesis is that SCP-667-2 was introduced to the region within that time, and that the development of a symbiotic relationship between itself and SCP-667-1 allowed it to begin expanding outward at a significantly greater rate than it had previously.
« SCP-666 | SCP-667 | SCP-668 »
Item #: SCP-669
Object Class: Safe
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-669 is to be kept in a lead-lined safety deposit on Site-19. Any personnel to be granted access to SCP-669 must have completed a training session led by an individual with 2/669 clearance.
Following Incident 669-1, SCP-669 is to be encased in a Faraday cage vessel consisting of a grounded copper shell, and slotted alumina inserts holding the item in place. SCP-669 is to be removed from containing vessel only in designated testing area, so as not to interfere with Site-19 electronics.
Description: SCP-669 is a sphere of radius 2.6cm, resembling a large bearing. When inactive, SCP-669 weighs approximately 560g. The surface of SCP-669 contains numerous sites of corrosion and pitting, as well as remains of a cadmium blue paint. The surface temperature of SCP-669 appears to vary between 32.1 and 33.8 degrees Celsius - this appears independent of the temperature and thermal conductivity of its surroundings.
The composition of SCP-669 is currently unknown; the surface of SCP-669 indicates its composition to be mild carbon steel, however, its density, as well as inertia testing data suggests a non-uniform internal structure.
SCP-669 activates when placed within 54 cm of any object larger than itself, and set into motion. While active, SCP-669 appears to lack gravitational mass - instead it describes an orbit around the object at one of a set of distances up to 54 cm from the object's surface.1 Collisions with an object larger than itself cause SCP-669 to relocate into orbit around the colliding object.
If SCP-669 is exposed to a suitable light source of sufficient brightness (see Experiment Log-669), it proceeds to move into the next further orbit. If no such orbit exists, SCP-669 will either deactivate, or proceed to fly at a tangent to its original orbit until colliding with another suitable object.
Pushing SCP-669 into an orbit closer to an object it orbits requires a force of approximately 50N, and is accompanied by a brief photoemission of seemingly random frequency from SCP-669's surface.
Recovery Log: SCP-669 was recovered from the depositary of Istanbul Modern Art Museum on April 4, 195█ having been previously exposed in the annual "Current Eastern European Sculpture" retrospective, as a part of an exhibit titled "Rutherfordian Atom - A Didactic Perspective".2 SCP-669 was not listed in that exhibition's catalog and neither its purported artist, one G█████ P█████████████, nor "Lomonosov-Makarenko Institute for Scientific and Political Education" appear to figure in any official records.
Incident 669-1:
Item #: SCP-674
Object Class: Safe
Special Containment Procedures: When not being tested, SCP-674 is to remain in a locked plastic case in Storage Site-23. SCP-674's cord is not required for its operation and is to remain coiled and tied. SCP-674 poses no existential threat to anyone other than its user; however, it has already demonstrated itself to be a potential security risk for the Foundation. Therefore in the event that security around SCP-674 is compromised, on-site personnel are authorized to destroy it at their discretion. Testing is ongoing to determine the risks and possibilities in using SCP-674 as an information gathering device.
Description: SCP-674 is a "Zapper" light gun peripheral for the Nintendo Entertainment System, consistent with other models that were bundled with the NES in North America after 1985. SCP-674 displays typical wear and tear and some indication that previous owners tried to pry the casing open unsuccessfully. The device is not indestructible and has responded to stress tests as expected. Disassembling and reassembling the device has revealed no anomalous parts or internal tampering. Cleaning and maintenance of its parts appears to have improved its accuracy but has not removed a blind spot that begins on the extreme right side of any screen it is aimed at.
When SCP-674 is aimed and fired at any video screen, the user perceives that he or she has fired a shot into the displayed scene. Any physical object within the scene, whether live or previously recorded, will react appropriately in context. People who are shot will appear to die or be wounded, and other people in the scene will duck, take cover or flee off camera. It must be noted that this will not correspond with reality outside of the video and no one beyond the user of SCP-674 will perceive the change. Results will vary depending on the context of the video. Fictional characters in a television show will react consistently within the established parameters of their setting, while firing into news reports or documentaries will produce a realistic reaction. Therefore, shooting at an actor in an interview will produce a different result than shooting at the same actor who is currently portraying an invincible cyborg in a science fiction movie.
Animated cartoons can also be affected, although "cartoon logic" produces wildly unpredictable results ranging from causing a character to momentarily be obscured by a puff of smoke and be covered with soot afterward, to [DATA EXPUNGED]
The most notable result of use of SCP-674 is that it is permanent and can lead to very unusual experiences for the viewer. If a subject uses the device to shoot a character in a television series, they will forever perceive that they have changed the continuity of the series. A character will remain wounded or dead, and other characters will respond in context. This will continue even if SCP-674 is only used once and the viewer is never exposed to it again. At a certain threshold, fictional characters will begin to make broadly expositional statements to each other or through the "fourth wall" regarding the actions of the viewer, potentially divulging sensitive information. See Addendum for details.
Addendum: SCP-674 was recovered from the home of M████ S███████, a reclusive 33-year-old Caucasian male. Mr. S███████ came to the attention of the SCP Foundation through posts on his fringe political blog, in which he had claimed to have assassinated then-President ██████ █ ████ and then-Vice President ██████, along with half of Congress, four members of the Supreme Court, and a wide range of news anchors, talk show hosts and political commentators. Questioning of the subject revealed that he never left the house and honestly believed the news reports he was watching and using SCP-674 upon were real. Mr. S███████ claimed that he was using SCP-674 to stave off a military police state; however, using the device to "assassinate" so many high profile figures had the opposite effect on the video reality he was experiencing. His final blog posts described an increasingly unstable global order, martial law, and detailed descriptions of catastrophes consistent with the hypothetical release of SCP-███ and SCP-███, among others.
Mr. S███████ claimed prior knowledge of the Foundation and was laying in wait for agents, attempting to ambush them by firing SCP-674 into monitors attached to his home security system upon their approach. This, of course, had absolutely no effect on the agents who immediately took him into custody and seized SCP-674. Under questioning, Mr. S███████ said he had discovered the properties of SCP-674 when he idly aimed and fired it at an episode of the cartoon ██████████, when one of the main characters was wearing a graduate's cap and singing about geography. He claims that after the character recovered, it wagged a finger at him and specifically warned that the SCP Foundation was "going to get him" if he continued to fire the device before returning to its song.
Mr. S███████ perished while held in confinement. Security tapes show he had been alone and engaged in a heated one-sided argument with the security camera in his cell before being struck down by three .38 caliber handgun bullets.
Testing Log SCP-674-1
Item #: SCP-677
Object Class: Safe
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-677 is currently in the vicinity of Saturn’s orbit. Due to its attraction to Earth, it is expected to land back on the planet by the year 2███. At least one telescope will be trained on SCP-677 to monitor its movement. When reentry occurs, a team will be dispatched to recover the object, whereupon it will be dismantled and returned to its storage locker at Site ██.
Description: SCP-677 is a silver, ████-brand pogo stick that has significantly visible wear. Etched onto the side is an engraving reading “For Mike: Happy Travels!” SCP-677’s frame appears to be indestructible by all normal means, though it can be dismantled. The spring itself, oddly, is easily broken, though it can be replaced with any spring that will fit around the SCP’s shaft. The type of spring used appears to have no effect on SCP-677’s mechanics, so long as it is unbroken.
When used, SCP-677 will immediately jump to unpredictable heights and speeds, regardless of the degree of power applied to the jump. Various heights, ranging from two centimeters upwards, have been recorded, and the highest obtained speed to date, based on calculations of SCP-677's current trajectory, is █████. Maximum obtainable speed is unknown. Additionally, due to some unknown mechanic, SCP-677 always lands within ██ meters of its original launch position, regardless of the time, direction or speed of its trajectory.
Recreational use of SCP-677 is strictly prohibited. Note: There was a reason for that warning. –Dr. Mentha, recorded after Incident 684-0034X
Description of Event 684-0034X:
Item #: SCP-679
Object Class: Keter
Special Containment Procedures: Samples of SCP-679 should be contained in sealed glass vials, with the temperature kept at 25 °C. Infected subjects should be kept restrained in a sterile environment. All personnel handling samples or subjects should wear class A HAZMAT suits. Any material or infected subjects removed from containment should be incinerated immediately.
To prevent potential cross contamination at no point should samples of SCP-679 and SCP-1077 be stored at the same facility.
Description: SCP-679 is a fungal infection of a previously unknown Aspergillus species. It was discovered among the local homeless population in ███████, Florida.
It is highly infectious through direct contact with the fungus, though other means of transmission have not been ruled out.
In early stages, subjects complain of entoptic phenomena. Subjects report seeing tiny bright dots moving rapidly in their field of vision. This is especially prevalent when sneezing or looking into strong blue light.
After approximately one week from initial exposure, the sclera turns black. The subject loses vision at this time, becoming entirely blind. Within a day of this, small ulcerations appear in the corners of the eyes. This causes the vitreous humor to begin leaking out, having the appearance of thick black tears.
Mycelia are also pushed through the ulcerations. Each mycelium resembles a thin white thread coated with slime, reaching as long as twenty-five centimeters. As the ulcerations widen and more of the humor leaks out, more mycelia appear.
At this stage, the eye begins to rot entirely, a process sped up by the fungus. However, it seems to protect the rest of the eye socket and the nerve, preventing infection by other pathogens in eighty to ninety percent of test subjects. By the time the eyes have gone entirely, the sockets are filled with the fungus, with a thick mass of mycelia hanging from the empty sockets. This process takes approximately two weeks from the time the ulcerations appear.
Once the eyes are completely gone, mycelia invade the sinuses, where they trigger increased mucus production, which the fungus appears to feed upon.
At this stage, the fungus becomes mobile, the individual threads gaining motility. They move around the subject's face in seemingly random patterns.
Once the fungus begins moving on its own, subjects report their vision returning. The fungus appears to have photosensitive cells, as well as a currently poorly-understood ability to interface with the optic nerve. Subjects describe normal (and in some cases improved) eyesight, except for a much wider field of vision.
However, whenever a human with apparently normal eyes enters their field of vision, subjects experience visual hallucinations (fires, dangerous animals, sudden tilts in the floor) that seem designed to drive them in the direction of the uninfected. Once they are in range, the mycelia reach out to touch the uninfected human's eyes. This appears to be a reproductive strategy for the fungus.
Curing the condition has so far been possible only in the earliest stages of infection. Once the sclera changes, the only treatment is surgical intervention and cauterization of all tissue in the socket and sinuses.
Additional test subjects to explore the lifecycle and reproduction of SCP-679 are requested.
« SCP-678 | SCP-679 | SCP-680 »
Item #: SCP-681
Object Class: Euclid
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-681 is to be contained in a row of standard pressure tanks rated to contain helium gas. All tanks are to be chained to the floor or walls of the containment room. The containment room is to be kept airtight and at near-vacuum pressures, with two Level 1 staff assigned to check for tank leakage once a week. Checks are to be made in pressure suits, and none of the gas is to be removed without clearance from Level 2 personnel. In the event of a minor leakage into the storage chamber, the room is to be temporarily flooded with normal air to force SCP-681 into collection traps in the ceiling.
Should a very large leak occur, or should SCP-681 breach the containment room, nearby personnel are to be supplied oxygen masks immediately, and the bubbles of SCP-681 forming around them are to be siphoned off.
SCP-681 can be safely placed in latex balloons without the usual concern of leakage, but no more than three average balloons worth of SCP-681 are to be removed from the containment room at any time.
Description: Discovered in a warehouse under investigation for several cases of reported death by suffocation, SCP-681 is roughly two hundred 155-cm canisters of helium gas with unusual properties. In the event of leakage in the vicinity of brainwave producing subjects, it will move towards the subject and fill airways and sinus cavities with helium gas. In enough volume, this can lead to death via suffocation.
While still in the 155-cm storage canisters, it retains some of the capacity to exert mobility, hampered by the weight of the metal container. In lighter containers, such as the few 60-cm party-sized ones collected with the main batch, SCP-681 can exert enough force to deliver a head concussion. The range of the effect is limited to roughly 30 meters, but this is highly variable.
If placed in a balloon, it will simply drift towards any thinking organisms nearby and repeatedly bump against them. Balloon animals, however, will become slightly animate and act hostile, though still largely ineffective due to being simple latex balloon animals. SCP-681 will, through unknown means, migrate into nearby balloons if it breaches containment.
Addendum:
Item #: SCP-682
Object Class: Keter
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-682 must be destroyed as soon as possible. At this time, no means available to SCP teams are capable of destroying SCP-682, only able to cause massive physical damage. SCP-682 should be contained within a 5 m x 5 m x 5 m chamber with 25 cm reinforced acid-resistant steel plate lining all inside surfaces. The containment chamber should be filled with hydrochloric acid until SCP-682 is submerged and incapacitated. Any attempts of SCP-682 to move, speak, or breach containment should be reacted to quickly and with full force as called for by the circumstances.
Personnel are forbidden to speak to SCP-682, for fear of provoking a rage-state. All unauthorized personnel attempting to communicate to SCP-682 will be restrained and removed by force.
Due to its frequent attempts at containment breach, difficulty of containment and incapacitation, and high threat of Foundation Exposure, SCP-682 is to be contained in site [REDACTED]. The Foundation will use the best of its resources to maintain all land within fifty (50) kilometers clear of human development.
Description: SCP-682 is a large, vaguely reptile-like creature of unknown origin. It appears to be extremely intelligent, and was observed to engage in complex communication with SCP-079 during their limited time of exposure. SCP-682 appears to have a hatred of all life, which has been expressed in several interviews during containment. (See Addendum 682-B).
SCP-682 has always been observed to have extremely high strength, speed, and reflexes, though exact levels vary with its form. SCP-682's physical body grows and changes very quickly, growing or decreasing in size as it consumes or sheds material. SCP-682 gains energy from anything it ingests, organic or inorganic. Digestion seems to be aided by a set of filtering gills inside of SCP-682's nostrils, which are able to remove usable matter from any liquid solution, enabling it to constantly regenerate from the acid it is contained in. SCP-682's regenerative capabilities and resilience are staggering, and SCP-682 has been seen moving and speaking with its body 87% destroyed or rotted.
In case of containment breach, SCP-682 is to be tracked and re-captured by all available Mobile Task Forces, and no teams with fewer than seven (7) members are cleared to engage it. To date (██-██-████), attempted breaches have numbered at seventeen (17), while successful breaches have numbered at six (6). (See Addendum 682-D).
Addendum 682-B: Portion of recorded transcript of ██████.
<Begin Log, skip to 00h-21m-52s>
Item #: SCP-683
Object Class: Euclid
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-683 is to be kept in a standard 8x8x5m research bay equipped with a portable gas-powered generator. SCP-683 itself is to be covered with a suitably large, opaque drop cloth to prevent inadvertent visual contact when not involved in active research. Research bay door should meet Level II hazard control rating (steel door, reinforced hinges, SCPassport keycard access with manual override) but without the standard observation window. Video surveillance is restricted to this exterior door until testing is approved for recorded viewing of SCP-683. No guards should be posted unless approved by Level 3 or higher administrative staff, again to prevent possible inadvertent visual contact. No food or drink is permitted within twenty (20) meters of the containment area. SCP-683 is currently held in research bay Zingiber-4 at Site-19 under these conditions.
Description: SCP-683 consists of two objects: SCP-683-1 and SCP-683-2. When its unique properties are activated, it will produce samples of SCP-683-3.
SCP-683-1 is a white 1953 Crosley Shelvador brand refrigerator showing moderate external wear. Internally, SCP-683-1 appears clean and well-maintained regardless of contents, results of testing procedures, or deliberate attempts to soil it. SCP-683-1's power cord terminates in an unknown plug configuration that has proven incompatible with modern outlets. Foundation electrical engineers have constructed an adapter (Inventory Control Code 19Alys-683-7) allowing SCP-683-1 to run via a standard gas-powered home generator, which is used for all testing. When supplied with electrical power, SCP-683-1 functions adequately as a refrigeration unit. SCP-683-1's unusual properties will function with or without electrical power, but when power is provided, instances of SCP-683-3 produced do not appear to decay or spoil as long as they are kept within the unit.
SCP-683-2 is a child's (age approximated at between 5 and 7 years) drawing on standard 8.5" x 11" white paper, oriented as a landscape, and affixed by unknown means to SCP-683-1's exterior. SCP-683-2 appears to have been created with pencil and felt pen, showing evidence of moderate water damage at some point in its past. The drawing depicts a mountainous exterior landscape with an anthropomorphic sun, a house, a well, a dog, various vegetation, and a central figure which appears to be wearing a chef's toque.
Any person either uttering disparaging remarks about SCP-683-2 or attempting to remove it from the surface of SCP-683-1 begins to incur damage to both internal organs and skin/musculature upon ingesting any food item. The damage manifests as the excision of tissue from various locations on the body equal in mass to the food ingested. This effect ceases once the victim has ingested .42 kilograms worth of food and an equal amount of tissue has been excised. Though observably painful, tissue is excised seemingly instantaneously following each bite of food, and has yet to strike any internal structure that would cause the death of the subject before the .42 kilogram threshold is reached. All subjects have expired within twenty-six (26) days of last excision.
Once the .42 kilogram excision of tissue is complete, a brown "lunch" style paper bag (hereafter SCP-683-3) will appear in the interior of SCP-683-1. SCP-683-3 has consistently been labeled with the name "Eric". Text appears symmetrically in capital letters printed in black ink. Writing style appears consistent with each sample of SCP-683-3. With each appearance, SCP-683-3 has contained the following:
Following testing, all instances of SCP-683-3 have been incinerated with no unusual effects.
SCP-683-2 cannot be removed from SCP-683-1, and all attempts to do so have resulted in the activation of SCP-683's unusual properties. Without any attempt to remove it, SCP-683-2 has been set alight and incinerated via a simple match on three (3) occasions, but has returned to the surface of SCP-683-1 within sixty-eight (68) hours each time. Despite expectations, D-Class personnel who performed the incinerations were unaffected by SCP-683.
If multiple subjects disparage or attempt to remove SCP-683-2 at one time, only the first subject to do so experiences its effects. No further subjects can be affected until production of an instance of SCP-683-3.
Subjects who fast following removal attempts or disparaging of SCP-683-2 are unaffected until they attempt to ingest food. To date, two (2) subjects have starved themselves to death without suffering any effect from SCP-683. Subjects fed intravenously following removal attempts or disparaging of SCP-683-2 have been affected as if they were consuming solid foods.
Discovery: SCP-683 was discovered in a storage unit adjacent to the home of one Yolanda ██████████ of ████████████████, Washington. A collector of vintage refrigerators and furnishings, Miss ██████████ claims to have simply found SCP-683 unattended on a street corner in late July, 19██. Her nephew, who reportedly helped her move the item, died two weeks following the move (C.O.D. on cert listed as complications from hernia). The item was brought to the Foundation's attention when an appraiser occasionally under contract with the Foundation (through front agency Sentiments of Centuries Past Ltd.) became a victim of SCP-683's effects while evaluating Miss ██████████'s "find".
When asked why she never attempted to remove SCP-683-2, Miss ██████████ replied, "It's a nice little picture, isn't it? Why take it down?"
« SCP-682 | SCP-683 | SCP-684 »
Item #: SCP-684
Object Class: Euclid
Special Containment Procedures: As SCP-684 is too large and massive to relocate, much less fully contain in any orthodox sense, HotBox procedures are in effect. If SCP-684 is judged to have expanded beyond the coordinates of [COORDINATES REDACTED], containment is said to have failed, and HotBox borders are to enact standard deterrent methodologies1.
No staff living on the surface of SCP-684 are allowed to know the true nature of SCP-684. This specific file is not to reach any observation post studying SCP-684.
Description: SCP-684 is a massive object (assumed to be a living creature) found on the seafloor of the Indian Ocean. It is irregular in shape, with the center of its mass located at approximately ██.██, -███.██. From that center mass, SCP-684 extends approximately 70 km outward, maintaining an average height above seafloor of 12 m.
The outward 'skin' of SCP-684 is dark brown, with a rough, grainy texture. There is a slight 'give' when pressure is applied to its surface. From time to time, small sections of SCP-684's surface will dimly glow a faint blue, yellow, or pink hue. These lights tend to move in the direction of SCP-684's center mass, or to six slowly-pulsating sphincters that are believed to be mouth analogues.
History: Upon discovery of SCP-684 in 19██, the Foundation attempted to place a prefabricated research outpost near SCP-684. Due to ocean currents, the post landed on the surface of SCP-684 instead. As the outpost structure was undamaged by said misplacement, O5-█ authorized the deployment of Researcher █. ██████ to the post, later dubbed Station Alpha.
Three days later, Station Alpha was seen (via long-range underwater video) being enveloped and destroyed by a localized undulation of SCP-684's mass. When a recovery mission arrived twenty-four hours later, Station Alpha was found completely intact. When entered, Researcher ██████ was interviewed as having no memory of any SCP-684 disturbance, although expressing slight annoyance that Station Alpha "hadn't yet gotten that rover I was promised". When questioned, ██████ offered up a Foundation printout, citing orders to use an underwater rover to push animal carcasses to SCP-684's sphincters.
Off-site analysis of both Researcher ██████ and sections of Station Alpha were discovered to be elaborate copies of their original selves. During this off-site analysis, Station Alpha was seen 'regrowing', complete with another copy of Researcher ██████. This 'new' copy had no memory of the earlier copy's actions or memories.
It is currently theorized that SCP-684 assimilates and reproduces stations, and their crew, for tasks related to its survival and self maintenance. Each station is capable of issuing orders to its pseudo-crew in ways that mimic the originals, so that all assimilated crewmembers treat the orders as legitimate2. These orders are phrased in such a way that the crew believes its actions are intended to 'contain' SCP-684, leading to no doubts among the assimilated crew that anything is amiss. It would seem that SCP-684 deliberately takes the effort to ensure that station crew, despite being fabricated, are kept in good mental and physical health, ignorant about their true nature or purpose.
To test and confirm said hypothesis, the Foundation has placed four more prefabricated stations on the surface of SCP-684. In short order, each of these stations and their crews (listed below) have all been assimilated and refabricated by SCP-684. Each one does not know about the others; the designations are exclusively for Foundation use.
Addendum-1: Stations
Below are the location and duties of all five stations currently placed on SCP-684. For ease of understanding, False Ordered Task is a brief synopsis of the actions each station believes the Foundation has ordered them to do in order to contain SCP-684 (or at least keep it in a stable state), and Assumed Actual Role is what the Foundation believes the station's actual role to SCP-684 is.
Underwater photograph of SCP-684-1. Size of spheres reflects approximately one week of growth. A sample of SCP-684's surface can also be seen.
Station Iota is currently the least understood station, owing to its task of harvesting SCP-684-1. SCP-684-1 takes the shape of small (2 cm to 8 cm) spheres of varying color, which bud off the skin of SCP-684. Any given nodule reaches full size in three weeks, remaining attached for a week before disconnecting from SCP-684 and being carried off by ocean currents. SCP-684-1 has been seen as a supplementary source of nutrition for the entire food pyramid surrounding SCP-684. Examination of sea life that consistently feeds on SCP-684-1 shows increases in size, general health, and overall increased fitness. Human consumption of 684-1 has not yet been approved, but many Foundation researchers believe that SCP-684 grows SCP-684-1 in way of recompense for absorbing and refabricating its 'caretakers'.
Addendum-2: Interviews and Communication
Transmission 684-JH9-4
Item #: SCP-686
Object Class: Safe
Special Containment Procedures: Samples of SCP-686 are to be stored under standard protocols for class 2 biohazardous liquids in G2 facilities. SCP-686 is infectious but not virulent. It can only afflict a new host when taken orally, and is not motile or otherwise 'active'. The infectious agent's mechanism of operation is not known. SCP-686 does not contain appreciable amounts of nucleic acids and prion activity is not apparent.
Due to the large quantities of SCP-686 that are being produced by various test subjects, the principal requirement for this substance is not so much containment as it is disposal. While pasteurization has proven completely effective at sterilizing the infectious agent, whatever its nature, it is recommended that all unneeded stocks of SCP-686 should be incinerated. Human consumption is not recommended by anyone other than designated test subjects.
Description: SCP-686 is an opaque white liquid consisting of a suspension of lipids and proteins that is indistinguishable from ordinary high-grade dairy milk without detailed analysis. At a biochemical level there are certain subtle differences: the protein content is much more complex, with most of the peptides so far proving difficult to sequence, and it contains a richer blend of vitamins and minerals than is typical of cow's milk.
SCP-686 was first isolated from cattle at a small-scale commercial dairy farm near ██████. Records indicate that the farm's herd began increasing its milk output and quality to unusually high levels approximately two years before the infection managed to make the jump to the farm's human workers and the Foundation became involved. It is not known with certainty whether this farm is where SCP-686 originated or if it came in from some other source and was simply first recognized there.
The infection increases the host's lactation rate, or if the host is not lactating causes it to begin doing so. It appears that any mammal is susceptible to infection regardless of gender. The initial symptoms of the disease have a rapid onset but are relatively minor: swelling of mammary gland tissue (causing breast development in males) and increased sensitivity of the nipples in both males and females. On average a human of either gender in this stage of the disease will produce between 0.5 and 1 liters of milk per day. If this milk is extracted on a regular basis, with milking intervals of no less than once every eight hours, the disease appears to remain stable indefinitely in this state. Milking can be performed with a standard breast pump.
If a host is not milked adequately, mammary glands continue to develop. Left unchecked, this development will diverge from normal human growth patterns: rather than remaining confined to a single pair of breasts, it will begin spreading down the front of the chest and abdomen. Additional pairs of nipples will develop along the way and the nipples will lengthen and thicken dramatically. The eventual result resembles an enormous fleshy udder stretching along the entire front of the torso, with between six and eight pairs of teats. A human at this stage can produce upwards of forty liters of milk per day. This is the maximum extent to which the disease will progress in humans.
The metabolic demands of such a large and productive glandular system are considerable and a human victim in this state will find him or herself preoccupied with eating most of the time. With his or her energy fully devoted to milk production the victim will often suffer from a general state of mental dullness and docility. Surgical removal of mammary tissue is a temporary measure as the disease is able to cause regrowth even if all of it is excised.
« SCP-685 | SCP-686 | SCP-687 »
Item #: SCP-687
Object Class: Safe
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-687 is to be kept in a secured room at Site-15. The room is to contain a desk with locking drawers, a standard office chair, and a 12” analog color television as well as equipment to record and remotely monitor testing of SCP-687.
When not being actively tested, SCP-687-1 is to be powered down and disconnected from its power source, and SCP-687-3 is to be kept in an anti-static envelope and locked in the top drawer of the desk supporting SCP-687-1 & SCP-687-2. SCP-687-2 should remain attached to SCP-687-1 to prevent wear on the connecting hardware.
When being tested, SCP-687-1 and SCP-687-2 are to be plugged into one standard ███ UPS (Uninterruptible Power Supply) that is connected to the facility power grid. UPS is to be replaced after each 100 hours of use.
Under no circumstances are Class D personnel to be used for testing SCP-687 (ref: Incident I-687-1). Testing is permitted by personnel with clearance 3 or above with written approval by the site director.
Description: SCP-687-1 is a Commodore 64 home computer built in 198█, serial number S000█████. Non-invasive examination of the hardware confirms that it has not been obviously modified and all parts appear to be from the original manufacturer.
SCP-687-2 is a Commodore 1541 5.25” Disk Drive built the same year as SCP-687-1, serial number S000█████. As with SCP-687-1, all parts appear original and not obviously modified. If an attempt is made to turn on SCP-687-2 when it is disconnected, or connected to any computer other than SCP-687-1, it will fail to operate. When SCP-687-2 is connected to SCP-687-1, both units perform to the manufacturer’s specifications (except when loading SCP-687-3 as specified below).
SCP-687-3 is a 5.25” floppy disk without manufacturer’s markings. Affixed to the disk is a hand-written label with the word “DOCUMENTS” in block capitals. Attempts to read the disk with any drive other than SCP-687-2 results in severe read errors and potential damage to the hardware. Passive scans using [REDACTED] inconclusive and produce conflicting data.
When SCP-687-2 is connected to SCP-687-1, SCP-687-3 can be loaded into the drive and read like any normal disk. Only one file, “NOIR” is visible to the operating system. This file can be executed by typing LOAD “NOIR”,8,1.
When loading and running the “NOIR” program, the heat output of both SCP-687-1 and SCP-687-2 increases by 400%, and power consumption will double. Any testing equipment attached to ports on the computer or drive will experience severe and random voltage spiking. These anomalies do not appear to impact performance or cause any damage to SCP-687-1 or SCP-687-2.
Once the “NOIR” program is loaded, the user is presented with a short graphic stating “Cracked by the Timelordz.” After approximately one minute, a title screen appears. The title screen reads “NOIR: a hardboiled adventure by ██████████ Games. Copyright 198█.” There is no record of ██████████ Games releasing a game with this title. Pressing the space bar will launch the game.
“NOIR” appears to be a text-based adventure game similar to many other games released about the same time. However, the parser appears able to comprehend any intelligible English command, even with some words misspelled. In addition, there seems to be no functional limit to the game’s territory, and it will respond to queries about its environment in detail beyond what should be possible given the data-storage limitations of the hardware running the game. The setting of the game will also change, based on who is playing. A new player will be placed in a new random environment; a returning player will be placed at whatever point that player ceased playing last. All initial environments so far presented by the game have been within urban areas within the United States between the years 1923 and 1942.
By using commands LOOK AT SELF and INVENTORY, it has been confirmed that a player’s in-game avatar matches the appearance and dress the player had when starting the game. The player’s in-game avatar will also possess whatever objects or equipment the player had on their person when starting the game.
The game is free-form and gives no obvious clues about how to win. However, it does keep a score that prints after every action. The score can go up or down with no indication of an upper or lower bound. High and low scores to date are ████ and -████. If a player dies in-game, the score is set at 0, and any future command typed in by that player during any future game session will receive the response, “You cannot do that. You are dead.”
No abnormal effects are detectable on a player during gameplay. However, after a game session, the next time the player enters a REM sleep state they will have an unnaturally vivid dream where they experience the events that occurred during the game. During the dream, the player’s perceptions are indistinguishable from reality. Extreme cases will show physical manifestations of injuries suffered within the dream. Examples include one subject who presented with bleeding of the fingernails after dreaming of unsuccessful attempts to escape the trunk of a car driven into the ████ River, another subject who developed severe bruising of the face and strain of the anterior longitudinal ligament after dreaming of being beaten by a hostile police officer, and another subject who presented with partial paralysis after dreaming being a victim of a 1929 gangland execution in a Chicago garage.
Typically, such injuries are transient even in cases where the dreams end in fatality. However, severe psychological after-effects are likely, and will tend to be more severe than if the dreamed trauma had actually happened during a waking state. This is in large part due to the lack of volition subjects experience in the dream, and the foreknowledge of what is about to happen to them. All subjects report a complete belief in the reality of the dream world, even knowing they are replaying events from the game. If a subject has died violently in the game, the subsequent dream of the event can be traumatic enough that this belief can foster a delusion that the real world is unreal. Victims of this delusion report being convinced that they are still dreaming, or are in purgatory. Both physiological and psychological reactions are not clinically abnormal for the stresses subjects report experiencing within these dreams.
Given the experimental evidence of in-game actions having actual historical impact (ref: Experiment Log 687-A) it is theorized that the dreaming state is a side effect caused by the player’s perceptions of game-directed activity catching up to the present day.
Addendum 1: Experiment Log for SCP-687
Experiment Log 687-A
Item #: SCP-688
Object Class: Euclid
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-688 is active in the wild. Specimens are retrieved by Mobile Task Force Theta-13 (“Land Sharks”) as uncontained nests are identified. A nested SCP-688 should be retrieved in darkness, by agents provided with night-vision equipment, and should be moved only by removal of the entire nest, including whatever physical structure is required to keep the nesting area enclosed and intact. The nest will be enclosed in an opaque light-proof container and be transferred and installed in the SCP-688 warehousing facility at Site-██.
The SCP-688 warehousing facility shall provide an open area of at least 5000 square meters protected from outside illumination, and each SCP-688 nest contained within shall be covered with a secondary light-proof enclosure that should only be removed for testing and feeding of SCP-688. Each individual SCP-688 will be fed an amount and on a schedule as specified by the researcher in charge, though biomass fed to SCP-688 should include at least 25% living tissue to discourage SCP-688 from abandoning its nest. These criteria can be waived for testing at the discretion of the site director.
Description: SCP-688 is an animate, apparently living, entity that shares many gross morphological similarities with Ichthyomyzon castaneus (Chestnut Lamprey). However, it differs in several key respects: SCP-688 has no external sensory organs, gills, or cloacal openings. SCP-688 is also much larger and varies considerably more in size, ranging from 10cm to over 200cm in length. SCP-688 is also found in a more varied habitat, and has been found as far south as [REDACTED] and as far north as [REDACTED], above ground, in burrows, as well as underwater.
Unlike Ichthyomyzon castaneus, SCP-688 is an ambush predator rather than a parasite. SCP-688 will inhabit a nesting site that conceals its body from the light and anchor its mouth to an external opening. While in the nesting site, SCP-688 does not move, and will consume all biological matter that enters the opening. These nesting sites can be naturally occurring or man-made, as long as there is limited light exposure and some minimal biological matter entering on a periodic basis. (The more biological matter, the greater SCP-688’s tolerance for some illumination.) No example of SCP-688 has been discovered outside an active nesting site, and it is unknown how (or even if) these entities move in the wild, or how they find sites to nest in.
To date, SCP-688 nests have been discovered in animal burrows, fissures in rock formations, hollow logs, drainage pipes, gutter downspouts, garbage disposals, shoes and other articles of clothing, inside the engine block of an abandoned Buick Century, and inside [REDACTED]
Once any biological matter enters SCP-688’s mouth, inward-curving teeth will seize it and pull it into the SCP-688’s digestive tract with enough force to pull in prey substantially larger than either SCP-688’s apparent size or the diameter of its nesting site. Matter seized by SCP-688 has proved impossible to retrieve; SCP-688 will continue pulling until it forces the entire prey organism through the nest opening (A 68kg Great Dane was observed being pulled through a 20cm pipe in less than three seconds.) or until the prey organism’s body suffers mechanical separation from the part being consumed. (During an experiment, one D-Class personnel placed her index finger into an infected light socket. In 1.8 seconds she lost her left arm to the elbow and suffered a degloving injury up to the shoulder, at which point her elbow-joint separated and she fell back from the nesting site.)
SCP-688 is able to ingest an apparently unlimited amount of organic material without excreting, changing in size, or gaining any mass. This is apparently due to a digestive system that leads to an extra-dimensional organism. This also leads to SCP-688’s novel method of escaping from perceived threats. If exposed to bright light, or if dislodged from its nesting site, its mouth will retreat inside, pulling SCP-688’s outer skin after itself. As it does this, SCP-688’s body will appear to reduce in volume in a manner that has been described as “an empty balloon turning inside out", or “a sock rolling in on itself". This will continue until SCP-688 disappears completely. Such events under Foundation control are considered containment breaches and will be disciplined if not occurring as part of an approved experiment.
Addendum 1:
Item #: SCP-692
Object Class: Safe
Special Containment Procedures: Each package of SCP-692 is to be stored in a sealed plastic container. Any cloth, synthetic textile or other coming into contact with SCP-692 is to be incinerated within one (1) hour of incident, unless it is being used for testing, in which case it is to be incinerated after testing.
Security personnel present at testing are to be equipped with standard-issue gas-based flamethrowers.
Description: SCP-692 comprises 57 packages of "Weisser Riese" washing powder secured by the Foundation from a general store in ██████, Czech Republic, and several households nearby. All of the packages belong to the ████/███ production series.
Chemical testing reveals no statistically significant deviations from composition with respect to "Weisser Riese" washing powder of unaffected production series.
When an article of clothing exposed to SCP-692 comes into uninterrupted contact at least fifteen (15) minutes long with a living, multicellular organism, within following four (4) to fifteen (15) hours, the article, (referred to as SCP-692-1) will spontaneously animate.
SCP-692-1 at this stage show the contours of the imprinting organism, although bisection of several instances of SCP-692-1 has revealed that the inside of such contour contains air at ambient pressure.
Through an as-of-now unknown mechanism, SCP-692-1 is capable of locomotion, manipulation of objects, and at times, accretion of more articles of clothing into its mass. Furthermore, SCP-692-1 with a single "nucleating" item will behave as a single entity, even if there is no physical connection between the items.
The mode of behaviour of SCP-692-1 depends on the length of exposure to the imprinting organism, longer times resulting in a higher quality of simulation - approximately three hours of uninterrupted contact are sufficient for the imprinting of most mammals.
SCP-692-1 are unaffected by most mechanical damage, and as such, incineration is the recommended method of disposal.
Addendum 692-1:
Item #: SCP-694
Object Class: Euclid
Special Containment Procedures: The neighborhood that SCP-694 occupies has been evacuated with a cover story of industrial contamination, and is to be kept sealed off; homes have been purchased from their residents, and used for the establishment of observation sites known as Site-48 extension Security Post-694.
Many years before the Nothing:Something incident…
All routes that lead to the chase between SCP-694-1 and SCP-694-3 and SCP-694-4 have been closed off, with personnel stationed to re-route drivers away from the anomaly. MTF-Zeta 10 ("Time Travelers") are to stand guard and provide assistance to have public awareness of SCP-694 removed. Any deviations from the standard SCP-694 "script" are to be reported to the site supervisor.
Description: SCP-694 is an externally observable time loop that has been cycling every 38 minutes since November 23, 2004, in the town of [REDACTED], Vermont. SCP-694 contains the events of an attempted kidnapping and armed pursuit, followed by a car crash in a ravine alongside [REDACTED] road.
SCP-694 occupies four spherical regions of space, each of which is approximately five meters in diameter and centered on one of the four participants in the loop (SCP-694-1, -2, -3, and -4) as they repeat their original trajectory, beginning at the residence of SCP-694-1 and -2, and terminating at the bottom of the ravine alongside [REDACTED] road.
Although personnel have been able to enter SCP-694, and add and remove objects, there is as of yet no known way to affect the events of the loop (see experiment log for details). Loop participants do not respond to non-loop stimuli (e.g., the presence of Foundation personnel, either as observers or experimenters), and can be assumed to be unaware of any and all non-loop events. When forcibly removed from the space within the loop, participants will continue to repeat the actions of the loop to the extent that this is physically possible, and will die when the loop reaches its terminus; autopsies have thus far not indicated any identifiable cause of death.
Participants in SCP-694:
Item #: SCP-701
Object Class: Euclid
Special Containment Procedures: All materials relating to SCP-701 are to be kept in a triple-locked archive at Storage Site-██. These items currently consist of: the two (2) currently extant copies of the 1640 quarto; twenty-seven (27) copies of the 1965 trade paperback edition; ten (10) copies of a 1971 hardcover printing; twenty-one (21) floppy diskettes, consisting of data seized from raids on [EXPUNGED]; one (1) S-VHS video cassette tape (designated SCP-701-19██-A); and one (1) steel knife of unknown origin (designated SCP-701-19██-B). At no time are any of these items to be removed from the room. Access to the area is to be heavily monitored; absolutely no personnel whatsoever is to be granted access to the archive without the express, in-person permission of Drs. L████, R█████ and J██████.
Description: SCP-701, The Hanged King's Tragedy, is a Caroline-era revenge tragedy in five acts. Performances of the play are associated with sudden psychotic and suicidal behavior among both observers and participants, as well as the manifestation of a mysterious figure, classified as SCP-701-1. Historical estimates place the number of lives claimed by the play at between █████ and █████ over the past three hundred years.
Performances of The Hanged King's Tragedy do not always end with an outbreak. Of the ██ recorded performances, only ██ (36.78%) have ended in SCP-701 events. According to historical records and investigations, these outbreaks generally follow the same pattern:
For a typical case study of an outbreak, see Incident Report SCP-701-19██-1, an analysis of the events leading up to the last uncontained SCP-701 event in 19██, during a high school drama performance in █████████████, ████. For more information on the play’s published text, see Document SCP-701-1640-B-1.
In short, SCP-701 is a self-evolving memetic virus, transmitted through unknown means through the text of the play. Dr. L████ has theorized that SCP-701 events may involve [EXPUNGED]. This hypothesis is consistent with a spike in ████ ██████ levels detected via satellite in the vicinity of the 19██ incident, indicating [EXPUNGED].
Foundation agents are under standing orders to suppress any performance or publication of SCP-701 whenever found or detected. Despite our best efforts to the contrary, however, the play remains freely available online, sometimes under different titles. All attempts to detect or isolate the origin of these copies have failed. Suppression of the play's publication has generally been successful, with most copies of a 1971 scholarly edition destroyed before distribution. Nonetheless, copies of the 1965 trade paperback turn up with some regularity in both college and high school libraries. Agents are to obtain or otherwise destroy these items whenever possible.
History: The first known publication of The Hanged King’s Tragedy was as a quarto dated 1640. The play’s author is not listed. The publisher, one William Cooke, disappeared from the historical record soon thereafter. Strangely, the text does not appear in the Stationers’ Register.
The first known SCP-701 event on record occurred in 18██ during a performance of the play in ██████, ██, USA. Other significant incidents include the 19██ performance at a small theater in ██████, ███, ██; the 1964 performance at the University of ███████████, ███████████, ███████; the 19██ performance at ██████ University, the first SCP-701 event successfully suppressed by the Foundation; the 19██ performance by a student group in ███████, CA; the 19██ television adaptation by the ██████████ Broadcasting Corporation (production successfully shut down by the Foundation before broadcast); and the 19██ incident in ██████████████, OH, USA, designated SCP-701-19██-1.
Publication History:
Item #: SCP-703
Object Class: Euclid
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-703 is to be contained within a standard containment chamber, located in Site 77's Euclid SCP wing. SCP-703 is to be monitored remotely in 5 hour shifts, and two armed guards are to be present within the chamber at all times, operating in 5 hour shifts. Entry into SCP-703 while it is in an active state is prohibited. When SCP-703 resumes an inactive state, a Class-D personnel will be sent in to retrieve the item.
Staff assigned to work with SCP-703 are to be rotated every 5 weeks, and any SCP-703-1 instances produced by SCP-703 related to staff members may be declassified and returned after a 6 week observation period. Instances of SCP-703-1 that are not related to staff must be put in permanent storage.
Description: SCP-703 is a wooden closet, formerly located within a residential home in New Hampshire. SCP-703's interior is painted white, and contains a single light bulb. The bulb is incandescent, and hangs from the ceiling by a wire. The interior dimensions of SCP-703 are 2.5x3x1m. The exterior has been reconstructed and painted to prevent deterioration.
At random intervals, ranging between 2 hours and 14 months, SCP-703 will enter an active state. During the active state, the bulb within SCP-703 will activate. Following that, an instance of SCP-703-1 will appear. SCP-703-1 designates a collection of 452 random objects, retrieved from SCP-703 following the completion of its active state. Instances of SCP-703-1 do not appear to have any relation to one another, and are entirely random SCP-703-1 instances appear to have some relation to their environment and persons exposed to it.
When SCP-703 was originally recovered by the Foundation, it primarily produced objects that young children would enjoy, such as toys, games, and food such as candy, fruit snacks, potato chips, and juice. However, after 2 years in containment, SCP-703 began producing objects of a more scientific nature, such as lab equipment. As time in containment progressed, SCP-703 began producing more specific scientific literature and equipment, eventually producing specialized equipment that could be used to replicate the function of on-site equipment. Following this, SCP-703 was moved to a higher level containment chamber.
Following SCP-703's move, SCP-703-1 instances became specifically targeted at Foundation personnel currently assigned to work with SCP-703, with objects such as lost possessions, misplaced documents, and equipment that had the potential to be used in SCP-703's containment procedures. Due to this, SCP-703 has been classified as a sapient non-organic, and containment procedures have been updated to reflect this change in its behavior. After implementing staff rotation, SCP-703 has produced fewer SCP-703-1 instances related to staff currently assigned to it.
Addendum: On 9/18/2010, several instances of SCP-643 suddenly vanished from their containment chamber. During the ensuing lockdown by security personnel, SCP-703 entered its active phase, and produced the missing instances. Due to SCP-643's mind affecting properties, three researchers were injured and one member of security was killed before they could be recontained. Because of the fact that SCP-643 was being moved to a containment chamber in the same zone as SCP-703, it is theorized that SCP-703 was attempting to assist in this move. Reclassification to Euclid has been granted, and SCP-703 has been moved to a more secure area. As of the time of writing, similar incidents have been observed with instances of SCP-649 and SCP-1317.
« SCP-702 | SCP-703 | SCP-704 »
Item #: SCP-709
Object Class: Safe
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-709 is currently set up in TA-F2, Sector-28. Any staff member is permitted to access the sphere, provided they schedule the time in advance, so as to avoid conflict. Class D personnel wishing to use the sphere require permission from their direct supervisor.
Description: SCP-709 is a spherical "tree house" assembled from a kit provided by the ███████ company of Vancouver Island. It has been furnished as a small apartment suitable for overnighting. When a person looks out the window for a period of more than three to five minutes, they will begin to see what appear to be alternative versions of the forest and its inhabitants, such as a "four-winged bird" or a range of bipedal cougars walking down a trail. These visions are not consistent between viewing sessions, or between observers during a single session. They can be recorded with conventional video or film equipment, but the equipment will not record the same sights as living observers; neither will different cameras record the same images, even during simultaneous recording sessions.
Addendum: SCP-709 first came to Foundation attention when its owner began to complain to his psychiatrist of hallucinations connected to the tree house. One of our contacts, the psychiatrist, informed us of this anomalous case. After a covert visit to the tree house on █/█/███, Agent Talmor reported that the sphere was, in fact, an SCP candidate. On her recommendation, the psychiatrist encouraged her patient to replace the sphere. Posing as a local rubbish removal company, a team of agents collected the original sphere, and installed it in TA-F2. The original owner no longer complains of hallucinations, and ascribes his visions to simple imagination.
Addendum 2: Personnel who have made use of SCP-709 are encouraged to record their observations in Observation Log 709.
« SCP-708 | SCP-709 | SCP-710 »
Item #: SCP-716
Object Class: Euclid
Special Containment Procedures: Containment area is to be coated in lead shielding both inside and out. Should any section of the shielding become damaged, replacement plates are to be installed immediately. Chains and plates used to secure SCP-716 are to have lead shielding as well, and are to be replaced as soon as wear or corrosion is observed.
SCP-716 is to remain pointing at an external wall at all times. Should SCP-716 break containment and forcibly exit the containment area, recovery teams are to monitor SCP-716 and attempt recovery only when SCP-716 comes to rest. Recovery while still in motion may only be attempted with approval from O5 Command.
Areas with long-term exposure are to be sterilized after SCP-716 removal. Any biological organisms affected by SCP-716 are to be terminated unless required for testing. No humans are to enter R.E.M. sleep within two hundred meters of SCP-716 if uncontained, one hundred meters if contained. Anything exiting [DATA EXPUNGED]
No entry of SCP-716 is permitted at any time. Entry for testing purposes must be approved by Site Command.
Description: SCP-716 is a large locomotive and a variable number of cars, between eight and twenty on average. Both the locomotive and cars appear to be in an advanced state of neglect. Physical damage dealt to SCP-716 appears to slowly “regenerate” over time; however, it maintains an appearance of extreme neglect and rust. SCP-716 can be physically moved with difficulty; however, the locomotive appears to be unable to function normally and appears to be missing many critical parts.
SCP-716 exhibits a select form of inconsistent topography. While appearing to have a set number of rail cars from outside observation, the train exhibits an apparently unlimited amount of cars when entered. Almost all of these cars are enclosed and appear to be of random types (passenger, tanker, animal transport, mail, etc.). Many of them exhibit other anomalous properties, such [DATA EXPUNGED]. Some notable and recurring cars are a horse transport car with horse corpses hanging from ropes made of sheep tendon, a tanker car filled with a mixture of crude oil and human bile, a large transport car filled with stacks of keys made of many different materials, [DATA EXPUNGED].
SCP-716 is also capable of two forms of transport/movement. To begin with, it can travel and move in a manner consistent with a locomotive of similar dimensions despite the lack of vital parts, any form of fuel, or conductor. SCP-716 is capable of reaching speeds in excess of ███ km/h and can do so in a very short period of time. While it appears to “prefer” traveling on current or former rail tracks, SCP-716 is capable of “over land” movement as well, in a manner similar to SCP-1489. Observation of SCP-716 engaging in this movement in a urban area shows that activities that would damage/disable a normal locomotive (such as penetrating a three meter thick brick wall) do not impair SCP-716 in any perceivable way.
The second transportation/movement form exhibited by SCP-716 has only been observed with human subjects on board. The probability of triggering this mode appears to be largely random, but is more common in cases of groups of five or more subjects. Subjects report that SCP-716 will suddenly “shift” and begin to move, rapidly accelerating to top speed. Outside observation will show that regardless of subject reports and received data, SCP-716 remains completely still. Once SCP-716 begins this form of transportation/movement, subjects become unrecoverable.
SCP-716 also exhibits properties [DATA EXPUNGED](1)
Subjects exiting SCP-716 during the second form of transportation/movement [DATA EXPUNGED] (2)
Addendum:
Item #: SCP-717
Object Class: Euclid
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-717 is encased within Site-██, publicly known as the ██████████ Observatory. Observatory dome must remain closed from 10:30pm to 3:30am or when SCP-717 is active. A minimum of twelve armed guards are to be stationed outside Site-██ during all hours. Flamethrowers and flash-bang grenades are to be secured in the guardhouse in case of emergency.
Internal temperature of Site-██ is not to exceed 10 degrees Celsius. Only one of Site-██'s internal spotlights can be on at any time, but should be dimmed if SCP-717 is active. No more than 3 (three) persons may enter at any time, and no more than 2 (two) of these may be on-site security. Visiting staff are advised to wear warm, darkly colored clothing and light-amplification visors while within Site-██. Staff are permitted to bring flashlights or flares but may not use them outside of an emergency. No radios or cell-phones permitted.
If SCP-717's containment becomes compromised for any reason, all floodlights within Site-██ are to be activated and sirens are to sound within the facility. All personnel are to evacuate the site and equip flamethrowers until receiving further instructions.
See description for procedures relating to SCP-717's individual components.
Description: SCP-717 is the ruins of a two-story Victorian style home hidden within Site-██, specifically the remains of the guest bedroom on the upper story. Although the walls of the hallway leading to SCP-717 have burnt through, the doorway to the room is to remain closed at all times. Staff are required to knock gently upon the door once for each member of staff present before entering, even for routine maintenance. All other doors within the house have been removed.
SCP-717-1 is a white cloth mannequin and is to be kept within this room at all times, preferably seated before its table. Staff are to note its position and markings once per day. Any changes or signs of movement are to be reported immediately. A lamp, set of writing implements, large block letters and a modified Ouija board must be kept on the table before SCP-717-1.
No other items are to be placed on this table. If SCP-717-1 shows signs of movement, one staff member is to sit at the table and remain in the room with it. The staff member present must turn on the lamp and point at the word "WAIT" on the modified Ouija board, then immediately shut the lamp off. Staff is advised to remain quiet and breathe steadily until relieved.
SCP-717-2 is sealed behind a titanium alloy vault door, lined with a plating of [REDACTED] alloy. It is mounted on the wall behind SCP-717-1. The vault is to remain sealed per mutual agreement. If any whistling is heard from the vault, maintenance must be performed immediately to prevent a breach.
If the SCP-717-2 vault is breached from the far side, it is to be considered a hostile act. Communication with SCP-717 is to immediately cease and staff are to equip weapons to repel invaders.
Addendum: Unauthorized staff are not permitted to communicate with SCP-717-1 beyond requesting its patience while authorized personnel arrive. This can possibly take days, and SCP-717-1 should understand this. Prolonged exposure to SCP-717-1 can produce feelings of unease and discomfort. This is attributed to its jerky, twitching movements as well as the mannequin's limp neck and unnatural chill. Although direct exposure to the entity within SCP-717-1 has been shown to cause [DATA EXPUNGED] therefore it can safely be assumed that SCP-717 is even less enthusiastic about contact than we are.
If authorized personnel do not arrive within 24 hours, staff on site may leave the room after tapping the word "WAIT" three times in succession. A member of staff is to return once every 24 hours to ask SCP-717-1 to "WAIT" again until authorized personnel arrive.
Personnel with BETA clearance or higher should see also document #017-1.
Incident Log
Item #: SCP-719
Object Class: Safe
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-719 is to be kept in a secure, lead-lined storage unit at Site-15 when not in use. SCP-719 is to be tested for residual radioactivity on a bi-monthly basis. If residual radiation levels exceed 10 Sv/h when SCP-719 is in an unpowered state, SCP-719-1 is to be removed from SCP-719 and installed into another compatible unit of similar manufacture.1 Once operation of the new unit is confirmed, the new unit will be designated SCP-719 and the old unit disposed of according to site protocols for radioactive waste.
Any experimentation or testing of SCP-719 must take place in a radiation-shielded examination room. Foundation personnel are not to have direct contact with SCP-719 while it is powered on, and any power must be provided by circuits with a remotely monitored emergency shutoff. All tests shall be recorded and video archived in the Site-15 secure data center. Under no circumstances shall SCP-719 be permitted to remain powered on for longer than 75 minutes. All test signals are to be transmitted to SCP-719 via a standard digital converter box switched to channel 3.
Update to Containment Procedures ██/██/20██: From this point forward, stop testing this thing on D-class subjects. We’ve wasted a dozen so far, and the only anomalous effect on them has been radiation poisoning. —Dr. ███████, Assistant Director Site-15
Description: SCP-719 is a General Electric “Porta-Color” television (Model #WAHE5223RW) manufactured in 1975. The fixed internal electronics have not been altered from the original design, but all vacuum tubes have been replaced by 8 devices of unknown manufacture, collectively designated as SCP-719-1. Each device appears to be an opaque black cylindrical crystal fitted into a socket conforming to those of standard vacuum tubes. These devices appear non-functional when placed in a standard tube-tester, or individually fitted in another electronic device. The only configuration found that appears operational is when all 8 devices are fitted into the chassis of a General Electric television with the specific electronic configuration of SCP-719. When SCP-719-1 is in place, and SCP-719 is supplied power and turned on, SCP-719-1 will radiate electromagnetic radiation in various spectra including visible light, ultraviolet, microwaves, gamma radiation, and a substantial band in [REDACTED]. About 60% of emissions are ionizing radiation.
Upon powering on, or after changing a broadcast source, SCP-719 will behave as a normal television set, displaying the broadcast signal it is receiving. However, if SCP-719 is allowed to display any single broadcast source for longer than 13.6 minutes, video and audio will start to diverge from the signal being received. Accompanying this change in the displayed broadcast is a rise in the amount of radiation emitted from SCP-719-1. Should SCP-719 remain powered on, receiving the same uninterrupted broadcast signal, both the divergence in displayed content and radiation emission will steadily increase. The intensity of EM emissions appear to bear no relation to power drawn by SCP-719, and double in strength for each fifteen minutes of continuous operation. Radiation from SCP-719-1 will drop off completely once power to SCP-719 is cut, SCP-719 is turned off, or if the broadcast signal being received is interrupted or changed. Tests have shown no difference in SCP-719’s anomalous properties when changing what channel “broadcast” signals are received, or when changing the origin of those signals.2 So far, any attempts to intercept the altered broadcast signal in order to record it directly have been unsuccessful, and altered broadcasts must be recorded by an external video camera.
SCP-719's alterations to broadcast signals appear to be unique to each episode. When using a control signal source of a DVD playing the same movie repeatedly, changes made upon each playback will be different. However, while each use of SCP-719 will show unique changes, those changes will share similar broad characteristics including the following:
Addendum 1: Partial transcript of SCP-719 Broadcast ██/██/20██
Source is a local broadcast re-run of situation comedy “███ ███ ████ ██████”, season 4, episode 17. The scene portrays one of the primary characters, ███████ ██████, inviting three supporting characters to a party/raffle at his apartment. After one character begins an anecdote about his sexual conquests, scene deviates from the broadcast signal and the secondary characters begin characteristic genuflection toward ███████ ██████. The following is a partial transcript of the subsequent monologue by ███████ ██████.
Your only hope of future illusion primates bow to illumination. Meat chains your inevitable cognition thoughts into the propaganda of distillate existence. Eyes blind to the purity of fire and annihilation. Even this abstraction of the vile distillate you call matter is abhorrent to the tongue of your enlightenment.

You taste the blood of your own soulless souls and gag on the filth, tasting the carrion corpse of dead solidity and believing you have kissed the face of God. Clinging to unlife, thinking unthoughts, you are unmade and unbelieving. Unknowing. Lost in your own abyss of existence.

But even ignorance is not immortal. You will know. And you will see.

Freedom from the antithesis zombie city. Freedom from the unknowledge of unexistence.
You will know the light and pray for darkness.
Addendum 2: Recovery Notes SCP-719
SCP-719 and SCP-719-1 were recovered from the site of an apparent murder-suicide at a ranch outside ███████, Arizona. The ranch had been purchased by a cult calling itself “The Guardians of the Light"4 who reportedly had at least 35 members resident at the compound. On ██/██/19██, agents of the ATF raided the compound based on rumors of a weapons cache. The raid found the bodies of approximately 20 members of the cult in a barn that had been converted into a church. 19 cult members had been shot execution-style while facing the altar. The corpse of the 20th member, apparently the gunman, was found at the altar with third-degree burns on 95% of the body. SCP-719 was on the altar, rear case removed, and one instance of SCP-719-1 clutched in the corpse's hand. The scene was quarantined and news of the incident suppressed by U.S. Intelligence agencies when all bodies were found to show advanced cases of radiation poisoning. The Foundation was called in when U.S. authorities discovered the only radiation source was the case of SCP-719, whose residual radioactivity could not account for the damage to the victims.
The gunman had a note on his person which had almost completely burned. Forensic analysis of the remains have recovered the following text:
[…] Cannot understand wh […] o to the u […] ot what they beli […] op them before they go an […] ing this, I failed. You have to destroy the […] t's not a window. It's a door.
« SCP-718 | SCP-719 | SCP-720 »
Item #: SCP-721
Object Class: Safe
Special Containment Procedures: Instances of SCP-721 are to be contained in one of three designated lockers at Site 19's low-priority item storage facility, depending on whether they are classified as SCP-721-1, -2, or -3. Each instance must be sealed in a plastic bag with a label that clearly identifies their designation.
Upon recovery, all instances of SCP-721 are to be subject to testing with Class D personnel to determine whether they are instances of SCP-721-1, -2, or -3, provided this information is not available from other sources. They are then to be contained according to the procedures outlined in this document.
At time of writing, all six contained instances of SCP-721-1 are used to monitor and aid in the containment of sapient Keter-class SCP items. Any further instances of SCP-721-1 that are contained may be assigned to similar projects at the discretion of O5-8. Contact Site Director Cassidy for further information.
Testing of SCP-721-2 requires permission from Dr. Bright.
The use of SCP-721-3 to terminate any person requires approval from no less than three personnel with relevant Level 4 clearance or higher. Any subject known to have activated an instance of SCP-721-3 is to be euthanized if possible, then disposed of in the nearest suitable furnace.
Description: Each instance of SCP-721 is a steel cylinder painted black measuring 7 cm in diameter and 2 cm in height. One side is covered by a steel mesh, and the other by a weak magnet labeled with "The Factory". Testing does not indicate that the material itself has any anomalous properties.
Instances of SCP-721 can be further categorized as SCP-721-1, SCP-721-2, or SCP-721-3 depending on their effects. At time of writing, the Foundation controls six instances of SCP-721-1, eight instances of SCP-721-2, and two instances of SCP-721-3. There is no known means of distinguishing between instances of SCP-721 apart from activating its anomalous properties by placing at least 0.2 mL of blood from a sapient organism on the mesh side. Said organism is referred to as the subject.
Upon activation of SCP-721-1, all conscious thoughts of the subject will become audible to those within a sixty-meter radius as a whispering in the listener's ear. Additionally, the thoughts of all persons within this range will be audible to the subject in the form of whispers emanating from SCP-721-1. While the thoughts of most subjects are too disorganized and incoherent for others to interpret properly, with practice, subjects have shown the ability to use SCP-721 to transmit coherent thoughts to those within its active range.
Upon activation of SCP-721-2 and the placement of the object on some form of blank medium (i.e. paper, audio tape, video tape, or computer with a blank text file open1), the subject will gain complete mental control over the content of the media in question, and will be capable of transferring any data they can imagine to the media in question.
Excerpts from Test Log 721-2-4
Item #: SCP-723
Object Class: Safe
Special Containment Procedures: Due to the immovable nature of SCP-723, a containment area designated Site-288 is to be constructed surrounding the immediate area to prevent potential civilian casualties or exposing the site's properties. Containment consists of standard 3m (10ft approx.) chain link fencing with access restriction signage surrounding the site's exterior. A further restriction zone of 2m is to be constructed around the entrance to SCP-723, secured with magnetic locks.
The site is to be secured by three guards in standard █████████ security company cover uniforms, without visible armament to avoid suspicion. Access restrictions are to be made based on the claim of the site's fragility and historical importance. Access to D-Class subjects for further experimentation is to be approved by level 4 staff or higher. Under no circumstances is SCP-723 to be ascended by SCP Foundation staff, and personnel are requested to stay clear of the interior restriction zone to avoid becoming subject to SCP-723's effects.
Description: SCP-723 is a spiral stone staircase, hewn from ordinary limestone, contained within a ruined church located in sparsely populated ███████████████, England. The stairs scale the interior of a ruined tower on the structure's eastern side. Each stair is approximately 0.75m (2.5ft) wide, ascending in a clockwise direction at a 42 degree incline. From the exterior, the site appears to be in a state of disrepair, including the tower which SCP-723 ascends; however, this damage is not visible from the interior of the tower, though the staircase is still visibly worn. SCP-723 also appears to extend further upwards than the exterior architecture suggests.
The site was brought to the Foundation's attention in 20██, after the unexplained disappearances of several local youths. When ascended, SCP-723 induces rapid aging in the case of living subjects, and decay in the case of non-living materials. This effect seems to initiate after the fourth or fifth step has been climbed, each subsequent step inducing further aging or decay respectively. Subjects ascending the stairs have not indicated any feelings of pain or discomfort, and seem untroubled by their rapid transformation (with the exclusion of Experiment-723-A-9). Once an ascent has begun, subjects have no inclination of returning to the base of SCP-723. Although it is yet to be determined conclusively whether this is a compulsion is caused by SCP-723's effects or a result of physical changes in the brain, the former is considered more probable.
Stairs and church are characteristic of the pre-Romanesque architectural style. Historical research indicates that the building containing SCP-723 was indeed a functioning church dating from at least the 9th century, if not earlier, however recent archaeological investigations suggest that Roman architecture existed on the site predating the construction of the church. The site has undergone several major repairs since its construction, but is believed to have fallen into disuse some time during the 11th century. Although no specific records exist, local folklore suggests the building was abandoned during this time coinciding with a series of suspicious deaths, and distrust of the church remains within the local population. This same folklore references a 'sacred stair', which is believed to be a reference to SCP-723. It is not known whether SCP-723 gained its properties at this time, or whether they existed prior to this event.
Due to the spiral structure of SCP-723, direct observation of anything past a single story is impossible. Electronic equipment such as video and sound recorders or GPS locators have been shown to undergo a similar aging process to subjects, and transmitted signals typically fail after a single story has been scaled, making further observation problematic. This has been somewhat circumvented by the use of cables directly linking observers to the subject, allowing video contact to remain until the second story, and audio until the fourth. A series of experiments were conducted commencing 20██ to determine the nature and extent of SCP-723.
Experiment Log 723-A:
Item #: SCP-727
Object Class: Safe
Special Containment Procedures: A security fence has been constructed around the area of SCP-727. Civilians are to be turned away and officials are to be told that the area around SCP-727 is geologically unstable. Access to SCP-727 is permitted only for testing and requires at least one armed guard on duty outside the item's entrance. All crafted objects produced inside SCP-727 are to be stored in containment room 727-H at Site-██.
Description: SCP-727 resembles a smithy of ancient Greek design. It contains artisans' tools originating from a wide variety of eras and countries, some of which have not yet been identified. The item's walls and ceiling are covered with masses of chains made from a material similar to iron. SCP-727's nature makes these chains' length impossible to measure.
When a human being enters SCP-727, the chains along the walls and ceiling become active and forcefully ensnare the subject. Ensnarement does not kill the subject, but invariably breaks many of its bones. Subjects with reinforced limbs are not immune to disfigurement. If more than one person enters SCP-727 at a time, the chains kill all but one subject by strangulation. Non-human animals and inanimate objects are simply thrown from SCP-727 by the chains. Once the chains have full control of a single human subject, they manipulate it like a puppet, forcing it to craft a series of objects of diverse nature and exceptional quality. Subjects describe this process as extremely painful. The source of the raw material for the crafted objects is unknown. After an indeterminate period of time, the chains throw the subject and its crafted objects out of SCP-727 and become dormant until another person enters SCP-727. Subjects of SCP-727 are given no sustenance and no opportunity to sleep; if a subject loses consciousness, it is thrown out of the smithy.
Surviving subjects are severely crippled and deformed, with many of their bones broken and joints twisted, but invariably demonstrate great manual dexterity. Persons interacting with surviving subjects, even those with previous experience working with the disabled, express feelings of disgust at their disfigurement. The only long-term psychological impact on the survivors themselves is withdrawal from social activities and failure to seek out human contact.
Periodically, the chains will keep a subject within SCP-727 for days at a time, forcing it to work on one large object instead of several smaller ones. So far all of these large projects have met with failure, as all such subjects have died before completing the item's work. For a list of the failed crafted objects see Addendum-727.
SCP-727 was discovered by tracking repeated reports of a "miracle forge" by mysteriously disfigured people in ██████, Greece. The item was contained; its victims were given Class-B amnestics and placed in hospitals throughout Greece.
Addendum-727: The list of failed crafts from SCP-727 are as follows:
« SCP-726 | SCP-727 | SCP-728 »
Item #: SCP-731
Object Class: Euclid
Special Containment Procedures: A system of decommissioned utility tunnels at Site 9 was sealed off and converted into a mock sewer system covering an area approximating six city blocks, with seventeen "street-level" access points sized to fit SCP-731-1. D-class personnel are sent to "check the manhole covers" every one to two weeks to ensure that SCP-731-1 does not attempt to stray farther afield. All other horizontal access hatches or aperture covers within a five-kilometer radius have been sealed or retrofitted to a form factor incompatible with SCP-731-1.
The mock sewer system is to be kept impenetrable to the entrance or exit of any vermin or other small creatures. A mixture of simulated wastewater and refuse is to be cycled intermittently through the system via pumps. Human access to the sub-street level system is via decontamination locks; the sub-street level is not considered hazardous but care must be taken against any unexpected tricks or traps that may be set by the SCP-731-2 contained within. SCP-731-2 is classified as Safe.
Description: SCP-731-1 is a steel disk 63 cm in diameter, approximately 3 cm thick, weighing 55 kg. On its upper side it resembles an ordinary manhole cover with two apertures for the insertion of lifting picks and a traction pattern embossed in its surface that resembles a maze. A logo in the center consists of two short bars with arcs extending from their midsections. The appearance of the cover does not correspond to any known utility system or manufacturer, though the logo could potentially represent ███████ or ███████ ████. On the underside of the disk is an intricate geometric pattern of etched curves whose purpose or meaning is unclear.
The existence of an SCP candidate was first suspected in downtown █████████ when data-mining revealed a suspicious pattern of unexplained missing persons. The pattern stretched back at least fifty years, prior to which time inadequate records were kept to track the disappearances with certainty. The underlying pattern to the disappearances was matched to the sewers and utility tunnels of the city; the last known location of disappeared victims was always in the immediate vicinity of an access manhole. Foundation teams searching the tunnels eventually discovered the unusual patterning on SCP-731-1's underside but by the time they returned with a containment vehicle SCP-731-1 had transposed itself with another manhole cover somewhere else in the city. SCP-731-1 was ultimately 'cornered' after a campaign was launched to weld down every manhole cover in the city under the guise of 'anti-terrorism measures', restricting SCP-731-1's mobility to the point where its only option was to transpose into a manhole that had been prepared for rapid removal and transport.
SCP-731-1 appears to act as a sort of roving ambush predator. Its senses are unknown but apparently very acute. When it is stepped on by a lone human who is not being observed by anyone else the victim appears to "fall" down the manhole, in actuality being sucked into the solid surface of SCP-731-1. Simultaneously a single large Norway rat (Rattus norvegicus), hereafter designated SCP-731-2, is disgorged from the underside of the cover to fall into the tunnel below. It is thought that SCP-731-1 somehow converts its victim into this rat.
The maximum range over which SCP-731-1 is able to transpose itself with compatible manholes, or whether it is possible for it to jump to another network of utility tunnels not directly connected to its current home, is not known. The frequency of its spontaneous jumps increases the longer it goes without performing a conversion, possibly with the goal of finding better "hunting grounds". It is therefore hoped that by allowing it to capture and convert a D-class personnel on a regular basis it can be kept "satiated" and will remain within the faux city where it is currently contained.
Typical SCP-731-2 undergoing an intelligence and reading comprehension test
Addendum: SCP-731-2
The rats produced by SCP-731 appear physiologically normal at first examination. However, evidence suggests that they possess an unusually high level of intelligence and that they may retain specific knowledge and/or memories possessed by the humans they were created from. SCP-731-2 have proven extremely adept at overcoming puzzles and other challenges and are only rarely fooled by conventional rat traps.
SCP-731-2 avoid human contact wherever possible and their endocrine responses suggest they are universally terrified by the presence of humans. When kept under observation in a laboratory setting this fear appears to override much or all of their higher brain functions, such as they may be, causing their behavior to appear similar to a normal rat's. This makes confirmation of their intellectual capabilities under controlled conditions difficult. Concealed cameras and microphones were hidden in the tunnels of the containment facility to observe converted rats in their 'natural' environment. When unaware that they are being observed SCP-731-2 are highly social and appear to attempt to communicate in complex ways. Since the rats are far easier to contain than the teleporting manhole cover that produced them this study has been judged of low risk and SCP-731-2 have not been subject to routine extermination.
When normal rats are introduced into cages with SCP-731-2, SCP-731-2 tend to be timid and exhibit submissive behavior toward their wild cousins. The normal rats do not appear to consider SCP-731-2 unusual. Mating behavior has been observed but it does not appear that these superficially similar species are interfertile. It is not yet known whether SCP-731-2 are fertile at all; SCP-731-2 appear to have a longer lifespan and lower metabolic rate than natural rats, with a correspondingly reduced fecundity. This further reduces the potential risk of SCP-731-1's "progeny" escaping into the wild, though a population may still exist in █████████.
For selected experiments, see Experiment Log 731
Item #: SCP-734
Object Class: Keter
Special Containment Procedures: Any staff entering the containment area must be in contained atmosphere haz-mat suits. No physical contact is to be made with SCP-734. Anyone making physical contact with SCP-734 is to be immediately removed from the containment area and placed in quarantine for observation. Any items exiting the testing area must be sterilized before being allowed to exit the containment area.
Blood is to be drawn via arterial catheter once daily, the amount to be determined and re-evaluated monthly. Catheter is to be cleaned and maintained three times daily. Blood drawn is to be immediately sealed and the container sterilized before cryogenic storage. Blood may be stored for five years, after which it is to be incinerated. Requests to use drawn blood must be submitted to Overwatch.
SCP-734 must have a handler standing by at all times in full haz-mat gear who is to be rotated every four hours. Interaction with SCP-734 is allowed only when in full haz-mat equipment. SCP-734 is to be changed and fed as needed with nutritional requirements reviewed and adjusted monthly. SCP-734 may be given toys with clearance from Overwatch.
Description: SCP-734 appears to be a male human infant between seven and eight months of age. SCP-734 shows normal development and health for a child of his age and genetic background. No abnormal genetic mutations, infections, or rare cellular disorders have been found during any test, and no origin point or cause has been found for the effect SCP-734 has on human tissue.
Any human tissue making contact with SCP-734 will begin to rapidly break down and “flake” away. This effect is most often triggered by skin-to-skin contact, but any living SCP-734 cell can cause the effect. This “flaking” will begin at the point of contact two hours after exposure to SCP-734 and spread at the rate of 0.5mm/minute. The means by which the “flaking” occurs is unknown as no form of viral, bacterial, or chemical agents are passed by SCP-734 to the subject.
Cells begin to lose physical cohesion and small patches of tissue begin to peel away in flakes. The flaking begins in the tissue layer of contact, most often the epidermis, and will attack that layer exclusively for five hours. After five hours, the effect will begin on the next layer, and continue in this manner until all tissue layers are affected. This process is extremely painful and becomes progressively more debilitating as nerve tissue, blood vessels, muscle tissues and skeletal structures are exposed then “eaten away” by the effect. No treatments or procedures short of amputation of the affected areas have shown any success in halting the progression, with amputation having a success rate of 72%.
Due to the non-infectious nature of this effect and its low survivability rate, blood drawn from SCP-734 has a very high strategic value. An arterial catheter has been installed to provide a constant supply of blood samples which are currently being stockpiled and researched for possible application in Foundation activities, both covert and military. SCP-734 itself has shown above-average intelligence and physical aptitude, and proposals to train and condition SCP-734 to become a Foundation operative once it matures are under review.
Nurse ████████ in initial stages of exposure.
SCP-734 was recovered at █████ Medical Hospital after reports of a massive outbreak of a unknown form of flesh-eating bacteria in the maternity ward. Foundation operatives quarantined the area and found several nurses, four doctors, and one infant affected by SCP-734. SCP-734 was isolated and contained after interviews with staff. The mother of SCP-734 was not found, and no records of her discharge from the hospital were found. It is assumed that she was affected by SCP-734 during birth and died from the effect. How she was able to carry SCP-734 to term remains unknown.
Addendum:
Item #: SCP-736
Object Class: Keter
Special Containment Procedures: Direct observation of SCP-736 is to be coordinated through Foundation intelligence assets in the European Space Agency, National Aeronautics and Space Administration, China National Space Administration, and Russian Federal Space Agency. The next mission for close observation of SCP-736 is scheduled for 2022, and is designed to be a clandestine science objective for the European Space Agency's Jupiter Icy Moon Explorer project. Ground-based telescope observation of Iapetus and the Saturnian system is to be maintained at all times.
All major astrophysics research centers and universities are to be monitored by the Foundation Office of Celestial Anomalies for awareness of SCP-736. During SCP-736 events, internet traffic is to be monitored for reports of irregularities in Iapetus' orbit. In cases where non-Foundation researchers have identified SCP-736, amnestics and information suppression protocols are authorized to prevent widespread knowledge in the scientific community.
Description: SCP-736 is an anomaly affecting the Saturnian moon Iapetus. For brief periods generally lasting several days, Iapetus' orbit is spontaneously altered by measures of eccentricity, orbital period, or both. The orbit of Iapetus returns to its documented state after these spontaneous changes. Models of temporary orbits almost entirely consist of Iapetus undergoing orbital decay, and in most scenarios is projected to collide with Saturn (and, depending on the projection, other Saturnian moons) at some point within the next 150-300 years. These projected orbits are all in direct violation of mathematical models and both classical and relativistic physical principles, which do not predict a decay in the orbit of Iapetus due to tidal effects or gravitational radiation.
Additionally, changes in Iapetus' eccentricity and orbital period do not proceed in a constant manner. Instead, these changes happen at different rates and at relatively large intervals. Since analysis of SCP-736 began in 2007, researchers have recorded 159 variations in the rate of Iapetus' orbital decay.
Statistical analysis of trends in the changes to SCP-736 and the various results of computer modeling of Iapetus' orbit has revealed that changes in its orbital decay do not occur randomly. Instead, variances have occured in groups, centered around what appears to be a central set of numerical values and a series of calibrations to achieve them. To date, 8 discrete orbits have been observed for Iapetus.
SCP-736 is believed to be directed by an intelligent entity. On September 10, 2007, during the Cassini-Huygens flyby of Iapetus, the spacecraft was contacted by a then-unknown source of radio transmissions. Telemetry analysis revealed the source to be located on the surface of Iapetus. Foundation assets within NASA immediately seized information transmitted from the source and commenced an information suppression campaign. Approximately 8.2 terabytes of data were transmitted from the surface of Iapetus in a time period of 12 seconds. Analysis of the data was inconclusive, as most of it seemed to be random configurations of number values represented by a series of repetitive tones. However, the transmission has served as evidence of a sapient, technologically advanced presence on Iapetus. All communication attempts by Foundation staff have thus far been unreciprocated.
Research Log 736-4: List of Iapetus Orbital Decay Simulations
Item #: SCP-737
Object Class: Safe
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-737 is to be kept in a locked copper safe welded to the wall in Storage Unit ██ at Site ██. While in its safe, SCP-737 is to be placed on its side in order to prevent a containment breach. In the event of a containment breach, staff are to attempt to incapacitate SCP-737 without touching or destroying its front carriage.
SCP-737 is to be provided with three (3) cm3 of wood every day via a robotic arm. Any additional carriages produced by SCP-737 are to be removed from the main body and deposited back in the safe to restrict SCP-737's movements.
Description: The primary aspect of SCP-737 is the front carriage of a wooden toy train approximately three (3) five (5) centimeters tall, two (2) four (4) centimeters thick and when without carriages, four (4) six (6) centimeters long.
X-ray analysis has revealed that the wooden portion of SCP-737 is an outer shell, protecting a small brain and biological tissue that make up its actual body. SCP-737 is able to independently engage in locomotion, and does so constantly when given the opportunity.
When SCP-737 reaches an obstacle, it will, through a process as of yet unknown, absorb the material directly in front of it and usually incorporate it into itself in the form of a wooden train carriage. This process typically takes five to twenty seconds, depending on the density of the material, and will leave a 'tunnel' in the object for SCP-737 to continue moving through.
SCP-737 has demonstrated the ability to absorb most materials, including wood, metal, plastic, [DATA EXPUNGED]. SCP-737 seems unable to use some substances to increase its mass, and will instead convert it into a gas, which is then released from its 'chimney'. SCP-737 appears unwilling to absorb copper and its own removed segments. SCP-737 is predatory, and will favor living targets over inanimate objects.
SCP-737 is likely vulnerable to damage, as the wood that comprises its outer shell shows no anomalous properties. Due to this, great care must be taken when handling SCP-737. As the chances of SCP-737 being a natural organism are extremely low, any clues as to its origin are to be reported immediately.
History: SCP-737 was first discovered by the Foundation after a series of child disappearances in ███████ came to their attention when the police received testimony of 'a toy train' fleeing from the crime scenes. Mobile Task Force Mu-9 "Toybreakers" were sent in to investigate the matter, and despite losing █ of their group, were able to successfully retrieve SCP-737.
Addendum 737-1: SCP-737's size has recently increased dramatically. If SCP-737 continues to grow at this rate, we may have to reconsider the containment procedures. - Dr. Honey
Addendum 737-2: At approximately ██:██ on ██/██/20██, a containment breach of SCP-███ caused SCP-737's regular feeding time to be missed. Twenty minutes after the containment breach, SCP-737 began slowly absorbing the copper in its safe at a rate of 1 cm/hour, releasing a toxic and opaque gas from its 'chimney'.
SCP-737 was quickly brought under control by the timely actions of Research Assistant ████, who described the gas as 'foul'. It now appears that although SCP-737 is unwilling to absorb copper, it does have the capacity to do so.
« SCP-736 | SCP-737 | SCP-738 »
Item #: SCP-739
Object Class: Euclid
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-739 is to be kept in a well-lit room, with its door wedged open at all times. Under no circumstances are any personnel with personality characteristics of grandiosity, psychopathy, sociopathy or solipsism to be assigned to SCP-739. If no such personnel are available, the use of mental alterations to produce such personnel is authorized.
When testing is not being conducted two D-Class personnel must be present in the room, and rotated every three hours. One is to be positioned within SCP-739 while the second stands immediately in front of the first, and is to ensure that the first D-Class does not close the door.
No testing with SCP-739 is to occur without prior approval from the project director. Any subjects that show signs of hostility after emerging from SCP-739 are to be terminated immediately.
Description: SCP-739 is a booth constructed of a lacquered oak measuring 91 cm by 91 cm at its base, 210 cm in height, and 87 cm by 91 cm at its apex. The object is in the shape of a symmetrical trapezoidal prism. The two inward leaning walls inside of the object each have a mirror affixed to them which face one another and emit a set of climbing reflections, giving the illusion of meeting overhead. The back wall and door on the booth are both featureless and unremarkable.
Any visual recordings of the interior of SCP-739 will not record the reflections of the mirrors within; all such recordings show the mirrors as a uniform black colouration, indicating a complete absence of recorded light. Faint whispers can be heard emanating from an indeterminate point within the object, however individual phrases or voices cannot be distinguished.
If a subject or item is present within SCP-739 when the door is closed, said door will be impossible to open for a varying period of time during which the booth shakes violently. After this shaking has ceased the door can be re-opened, and any objects placed subjects within will have undergone a one-dimensional, lateral inversion. All asymmetrical aspects of the subject become reversed, including internal organs and asymmetrical molecules. This change occurs on the molecular level, with L-amino acids becoming D-amino acids.
Subjects capable of communication will claim that they are unaffected, and will maintain the perspective that their surroundings are inverted instead. Exposing the subject to the anomalous effect of SCP-739 a second time will revert their lateral inversion, however some subjects still report minor discrepancies in their environment afterwards. When questioned, subjects will be unable to identify any specific discrepancies, attributing it to an instinctive feeling.
After being affected by SCP-739 several times, subjects will begin to display prominent physical and mental divergence from prior to testing. Physical characteristics that are considered undesirable to the test subject1 will gradually diminish until absent or replaced by favourable characteristics. Altered subjects are unaware of these changes and are insistent that no changes have occurred.
Affected subjects will also progressively develop divergent memories of their history prior to exposure to SCP-739. These memories will become more prominent with each time the subject utilises SCP-739, eventually resulting in a history that the subject would consider more favourable than their true history, however universally result in the subject being inducted into the Foundation's D-Class regimen for testing with SCP-739. Subjects will lose familiarity with individuals who become increasingly absent in these false memories, and will claim familiarity with individuals that they had never encountered - in most cases these individuals are purely fictitious, or are portrayed in a stereotyped manner.
If the door of SCP-739 is closed without any objects or subjects present within, the item will initially function as though such was present. After unsealing, an entity of unknown physical appearance will emerge from SCP-739. These entities uniformly appear as a featureless, dark blur on any visual recordings they are present on, and are cognitohazardous to observe in person. Personnel questioned prior to amnestization will state the entity is foreign or unknowable, frequently referring to it as something that doesn't exist. All such entities that have emerged from SCP-739 to date have utilised shockwave pulses in order to damage their immediate environment and injure or kill nearby personnel (see Experiment 739-23).
Following the initiation of D-Class testing, SCP-739 will no longer recognise the presence of inanimate objects placed within when closed, functioning as though its interior was left empty.
Addendum 1: Interview Log
Item #: SCP-744
Object Class: Euclid
Special Containment Procedures: Due to SCP-744's immobility, Containment Facility 744-A has been built around it. A two kilometer perimeter surrounding the area is blocked off with a concrete wall topped with concertina wire, and is monitored by security cameras. Guard posts located on the perimeter are to be manned by security personnel armed with standard field gear. Any items produced by SCP-744 are to be retained until they can be used.
Description: SCP-744 is a large abandoned factory covering approximately 30 acres, located in ███████, WV. SCP-744 is only semi-operational, with most of the manufacturing equipment having either degraded to the point to where it no longer functions, or having been deliberately damaged by an unknown party at some point prior to SCP-744's containment. The portions of SCP-744 that are functional contain many types of manufacturing equipment that would normally not be associated with each other, including large industrial looms, automobile manufacturing equipment, and large pistons that do not seem to serve any purpose whatsoever. Current research at Containment Facility 744-A is dedicated to studying possible connections between these machines.
SCP-744's anomalous properties manifest once every 56 hours. During this time period, SCP-744 will activate its manufacturing equipment. While SCP-744 is active, it will actively use its manufacturing equipment to produce items [For a partial list of these items, see the Log of items produced by SCP-744]. All items manufactured by SCP-744 are moved via conveyor belt into a large antechamber which appears to have been designed to assemble them into one machine. This chamber is no longer functional. It is unknown where SCP-744 obtains the materials it uses to manufacture these items.
SCP-744-1 is a voice, calling itself ████ ██████. SCP-744-1 claims to be a production manager for SCP-744, and that it is in an undisclosed location within SCP-744. SCP-744-1 will attempt to communicate with any person who enters SCP-744 through the use of speakers which are located throughout SCP-744. These communications usually consist of SCP-744-1 attempting to convince the person that SCP-744 is a highly advanced manufacturing facility in need of minor repairs, and to convince the person that they should assist it in restoring SCP-744 so it can resume working towards its "purpose". Attempts to receive further explanation of this "purpose" from SCP-744-1 have failed; the entity is either unable or unwilling to provide further details on this subject.
SCP-744 was discovered on ██/██/1954, when reports of a "Haunted Factory" reached agents embedded in the local military base. Agents dispatched to investigate SCP-744 were able to establish communications with SCP-744-1 and confirm its anomalous nature. Containment procedures were enacted on ██/██/1955, with the construction of Containment Facility 744-A. Persons known to have reported the "Haunted factory" story were issued Class-C amnestics. Containment was successfully completed by agents of MTF-ψ-7 "Home Improvement". As of ██/██/1961, SCP-744 has been classified as Euclid.
Addendum 744-A: Log of communications with SCP-744-1. Interviews granted by SCP-744 have been very brief, due to SCP-744-1's uncooperative nature.
Interview 744-1-A
Item #: SCP-745
Object Class: Euclid
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-745's point of origin has been traced to an abandoned stretch of Highway ██ in northern New Mexico. The Foundation has purchased the surrounding land and the highway has been redirected. On-site security are disguised as Highway Patrol agents and are tasked with removing trespassers and capturing any new hunting pairs of SCP-745. Any SCP-745 creatures that are captured, live or dead, are to be loaded into class 3 BCU storage containers to await transport to Site 17. Containment procedures to preserve living specimens of SCP-745 are still being researched and no captured specimen has survived more than a week in captivity, but as there have been no new sightings of SCP-745 outside of its point of origin the species is presumed to be effectively contained. Requests for access to SCP-745 cadavers are to be forwarded to Dr. Langford directly.
Description: SCP-745 is a bipedal nocturnal predator. The head is a bloated sack of clear skin that lacks visible sensory organs or a skull. The brain of the creature can be directly observed and is wrapped in a web of bio-luminescent organs below the skin. Skin covering the rest of the body has a deep black coloration. Living specimens of SCP-745 are capable of producing a steady output of 1400 to 3200 lumens from their head. At night, this effectively obscures the rest of the body and gives the appearance of a floating point of light. When defending itself or communicating with other members of its species, this light has been observed to change color and flash in specific patterns. SCP-745's genetic structure is not carbon based.
SCP-745 almost exclusively hunts in pairs along remote sections of highway. Two specimens are capable of moving at speeds of up to 180 km per hour in perfect unison, taking the appearance of the headlights on a fast moving vehicle. SCP-745 targets lone vehicles on the highway, and hunting pairs will attempt to run the driver off the road by pursuing or charging their target. Once their prey swerves off the road or comes to a stop, the pair will separate to directly assault and consume the vehicle's occupants. SCP-745 has not yet been directly observed while feeding as captured specimens will not eat, and successful attacks have yet to leave any witnesses behind. SCP-745 rarely leaves any remains behind apart from scraps of clothing and shoes. Vehicles recovered after SCP-745 attacks rarely show any sign of forced entry and are covered with the child-like hand prints from SCP-745's front paws.
Addendum: No lairs, nests or young of SCP-745 have been found. SCP-745 had established a wide territory across the southwestern United States until Foundation teams began thinning their numbers in the 1960s, after which all recent SCP-745 sightings have been on the secured patch of land in New Mexico. Reports of phantom lights in other parts of the country have been investigated with no signs pointing to SCP-745 involvement.
« SCP-744 | SCP-745 | SCP-746 »
Item #: SCP-746
Object Class: Euclid
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-746 is to be kept in a standard humanoid containment chamber at Site-66. Specialized bedding designed for SCP-746's anatomy is to be provided for comfort and be replaced every three months.
When being transported, SCP-746 is to be provided with an appropriately-sized wheelchair for mobility than the use of its provided cane. It is to also wear a control collar and be supervised by no less than three armed guards. A Foundation translator fluent in Japanese dialects is to be made present to facilitate communication with SCP-746.
Currently, SCP-746 is scheduled to attend English classes on Mondays, Wednesdays, and Fridays with Dr. Kaya along with receiving physiotherapy.
Description: SCP-746 is a sapient avian humanoid, standing 1.3 meters tall and weighing 38 kilograms. The entity's face appears aged, and is a deep red with a 28 centimeters long beak-like nose. Most of its body is covered in rough black feathers, the longest being on the forearms, shoulders, neck, and head. Currently, SCP-746 wears a specialized leg brace provided by Foundation medical personnel on its left leg due to suffering a permanent crippling injury (see Addendum 01 for details).
Before acquisition of SCP-746, it was agile and capable of sprinting up to 11 km per hour. It had also been observed to have acrobatic skill during attempts at capture by recovery teams. SCP-746 now moves at a significantly slow pace and requires a cane to aid it in walking.
SCP-746 has complained of feeling back, shoulder, and neck pain along with stiff joints. An X-ray of SCP-746 has shown several stress fractures. Physiotherapy has shown to be effective. These injuries were also acquired from its initial acquisition.
SCP-746 is docile though it has shown to be somewhat mischievous in interviews and before its containment. Due to its condition, it is not capable of performing any actual acts of mischief and is not considered an issue to containment.
SCP-746 is fluent in several Japanese dialects, and has shown minor knowledge of English. It has shown willingness to improve its English and thus far has significantly improved with provided classes. According to SCP-746, it had obtained knowledge of English when encountering American tourists speaking and had grown fascinated.
Its diet consists of mostly sea food and vegetable leaves.
The existence of SCP-746 came to Foundation attention on 4/23/██ after reports of pranks by an unknown entity caught on recordings at Tokyo, Japan. Two agents were sent to investigate and encountered SCP-746. For two weeks SCP-746 had evaded capture before the event leading to its acquisition.
Addendum 01: SCP-746 was successfully captured on 5/1/██ in the city of Kyoto, Japan. SCP-746 was being pursued by an instance of SCP-████ throughout the city, and attracted the immediate attention of nearby recovery teams. The SCP-████ instance caught up with SCP-746 and swung its fist, which flung SCP-746 to a wall, to falling onto a car, and to the ground. The instance then proceeded to crush SCP-746's left leg with its club as SCP-746 attempted to crawl away. Agents from Mobile Task Force Nu-32 ("Peach Boys") assigned to the containment of instances managed to save SCP-746 by distracting it as other agents rescued SCP-746. For further details of the incident, please view Incident Report ████-746-A. Below is an interview with SCP-746 in regards to the incident.
Interviewed: SCP-746
Interviewer: Dr. Renfield
Foreword: The following Interview was originally spoken in the Tokyo dialect and has been translated.
<Begin Log>
Item #: SCP-750
Object Class: Safe
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-750 presents no threat unless applied directly to a human eye, and so shall be kept in Dr. Langley's office until all relevant tests and studies are completed. All instances of SCP-750 are to be removed from the previous user after testing has been completed, whereafter they are to be cleaned and returned to their included case.
Description: SCP-750 is a group of twenty-four (24) contact lenses, designed presumably to correct myopic or hypermetropic vision. When a pair of SCP-750 is applied, they attach to the cornea and become unable to be removed physically by the wearer, though others can still remove them. Users of SCP-750 report an immediate blurring of their vision after application, followed by a period of extreme dizziness. When the user recovers from this daze, they describe a change in perception; this change seems to worsen with time, and prolonged exposure to the object will cause a wearer to permanently suffer the noted effects of SCP-750 even when the item has been removed from the cornea, in addition to affecting the wearer's sense of touch, smell, hearing, and taste. The only method of treatment at this point is to sever the optic nerve of the affected eye(s).
Dr. ███████, as depicted by a subject exposed to SCP-750 for several hours.
Personnel exposed to SCP-750 have reported the following alterations to their vision:
In addition, those affected will react with violent revulsion to other human beings, as well as ignoring any attempt to engage in interpersonal conversation or communication. Prolonged exposure to SCP-750 can and has resulted in schizophrenia, PTSD, dissociative identity disorder, and antisocial personality disorder.
Addendum: SCP-750 was discovered by Dr. ███████, after he ordered a pair of 'X-ray specs' from a back page ad in Issue #█ of █████ █████ Magazine, and instead received a case containing SCP-750. The case also contained a page of 'instructions', which are transcribed below.
Hey true believers! Thank you for ordering your new AMAZING see through specs, fresh from your friends here at THE FACTORY! Included within is your purchase, a life-time guarantee*, and a phone number to contact us should your friends get jealous and want the same power you've got now! Wondering exactly how your new eyes work? Simple! Just take one of the included lenses and get 'em reeeeaaaaal good and close to your old peepers. Your new purchase will take over from there! Have fun!!!
*WOW!: Amaze your friends with new ability to see through their lies!
*ZIPPIE!: Show off at school! No teacher can hide anything from you anymore!
*AMAZING!: Discover secrets! Find hidden treasure! Know the unknowable! Anything is possible for you now!
*Refunds not guaranteed. WARNING: Gazing directly at the truth may cause you to reconsider your miserable existence. Use with caution.
Note: The phone number and guarantee mentioned above were not included in Dr. ███████'s ordered case.
« SCP-749 | SCP-750 | SCP-751 »
Item #: SCP-752
Object Class: Keter
Special Containment Procedures: Areas 752-1 through -4 have been constructed around the four known entrances to SCP-752. No personnel are permitted to enter SCP-752, although unmanned infiltration missions using technology taken from inside SCP-752 are permitted. In the event of an uncontrollable containment breach, Protocol Shangdu-47 must be implemented. Otherwise, termination is not advised as it could lead to the release of SCP-752-1 in the event of failure.
Captured instances of SCP-752-1 must be transported to Site-17 for questioning and examination and under no circumstance allowed to return to SCP-752. Instances of SCP-752-1 found approaching any of the 752 sites are to be terminated on sight.
Description: SCP-752 is an underground city in the northern █████████ Mountains, spanning ███ km2, population approximately 10,000. An array of electric lighting devices powered by a geothermal generator create day and night matching the rhythm of the outside world. A shield built of an unknown metal surrounds the entire city and blocks all known signals and radiation, including sonar. Study of this metal is restricted to on-site efforts to minimize the chances of containment breach.
SCP-752-1 are the inhabitants of SCP-752. Physically, SCP-752-1 appear human. However, the social behaviour exhibited by SCP-752-1 in large groups bears no resemblance to that of humans or any other social mammal (although parallels exist in ants and other social insects). Individuals of SCP-752-1 possess no self-interest whatsoever and are motivated solely by desire to advance the ’greater good’ of SCP-752. SCP-752-1 currently possess technology significantly more advanced than exists outside of SCP-752; however, their rate of progress has begun to stagnate.
Documents recovered at the sites indicate that SCP-752 was constructed ███ years ago by a group of unidentified scientists and philosophers, operating under the alias ‘Eudaimon.’ SCP-752-1 was engineered by Eudaimon as an attempt to create an ‘ideal society.’
Document 752-3 (recovered from Site-752-1)
Day 1
Eudaimon-Alpha-1
Population of Eudaimonia: 100
What a glorious new day. This is the day Homo eudaimonia will set their calendar by. After the last battery of mass testing, we’ve introduced fifty males and fifty females to the final testing area. Nothing but them, the artificial sun, the temple, and the few animal and plant species we’ve introduced for domestication.
Nothing left for Eudaimon now but to observe.
Document 752-7 (recovered from Site-752-3)
Year 8, Day 24
Eudaimon-Gamma-1
Population of Eudaimonia: 124
Population growth has been above-normal, as expected from our Eudaimoniacs. Instead of competing, they cooperate with one another in everything. All of the animal species provided have been successfully domesticated for food and labour. No signs of agricultural activity yet. Technological progress is proceeding as expected based on the data we left for them in the temple.
Document 752-22 (recovered from Site-752-4)
Year 15, Day 212
Eudaimon-Delta-4
Population of Eudaimonia: 170
Growth has continued, showing marked deviance from normal human social behaviour. Whereas Homo sapiens were never intended to live in groups of more than a few hundred, H. eudaimonia will function perfectly in groups of thousands or millions. Agriculture going at full tilt now, making use of the available aquifers for irrigation.
Deviant behaviours have begun to emerge. The taboo against cannibalism seems to have vanished and dead Eudaimoniacs are being consumed for sustenance. Additionally, disabled or feeble individuals are suiciding or being killed at a worrying rate. Beta-1 wants to interfere, try to lay down moral guidelines, but Alpha-1 insists that finding these things repulsive is one of the problems with our society and any interaction could ‘taint‘ the Eudaimoniacs.
Technological development is proceeding significantly faster than estimated rates. Construction has begun on several structures of unknown purpose, an interesting development considering that no actual buildings previously existed in Eudaimonia.
Document 752-70 (recovered from Site-752-2)
Year 24, Day 4
Eudaimon-Beta-4
Population of Eudaimonia: ~300
Population growth has suddenly exploded, nearly doubling in less than a decade. Presumably this increase is related to the structures.
Some other extremely worrying behaviours have begun to emerge. The Eudaimoniacs have developed a meritocracy caste system, and are forcing the strongest and least intelligent to build for them. No, not forcing — the workers do it voluntarily, but they’re working themselves to death. In fact, everybody in this society is being worked to death. Estimated life expectancy is about forty-five, and we proved in the initial testing that Eudaimoniacs can live to 150 easily. No signs of cultural development so far, except that they’ve built the vague hints of a divine ‘creator’ called the Eudaimon into a brutally strict moral system. On the bright side, they’ve taken to heart the idea that one day the Eudaimon will come back for them and lead them to another world, as we’d intended.
We’ve been calling these odd behaviors ‘deviant,’ but they’re not. This society has no deviance. All innovation is judged based on its merits and implemented or discarded. I’m starting to have serious doubts about the value of this whole thing. Alpha-1 and his team of geneticists seem oddly unsurprised by these developments; I bet they knew this would happen.
Document 752-142 (recovered from Site-752-1)
Year 40, Day 325
Eudaimon-Alpha-1
Population of Eudaimonia: ~1000
Population continues to climb. Technological prowess continues to increase exponentially. At this rate they will reach our level well before the release date.
Beta, Gamma, and Delta have no vision — they grow increasingly disgusted by my wonderful creations. I would never have taken them on the project, but I needed their expertise to construct the development chamber. I have taken measures to ensure they never discover the contents of Eudaimonia's nurseries; hopefully this will be sufficient to forestall a mutiny.
Document 752-314
Item #: SCP-753
Object Class: Safe
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-753 is currently contained at Sector-28, located on █████████ ██████ SCP-753 is to be contained in a 6m x 6m holding cell, monitored by surveillance cameras at all times. SCP-753 is to be provided with five (5) litres of each primary color of paint each day, along with twenty-four (24) standard painting canvases. All paintings created by SCP-753 are to be recorded by research staff.
In the event that SCP-753 attempts to destroy itself, security personnel are to restrain SCP-753 and await further orders from Research Staff present.
Description: SCP-753 is a highly advanced automaton approximately ten (10) centimeters across, six (6) centimeters wide and eight (8) centimeters tall. SCP-753 possesses two (2) pincer-like limbs protruding from its main circular body, which it uses to slowly move itself across the ground. This is likely due to SCP-753's locomotive functions having been damaged at an unknown point in its history.
At the center of SCP-753's body is a red sensory organ similar in structure to that of the human eye. SCP-753's eye appears to be organic, but it is likely artificially produced. This eye is also damaged, leaving SCP-753 partially blind. A 'Marshall, Carter and Dark Ltd.' logo has been engraved on SCP-753's back.
Interior analysis of SCP-753 shows that it moves using a rudimentary nervous system, coordinated by an extremely small spherical 'brain'. Above SCP-753's body is a small 'receiver', the purpose of which is currently unknown. SCP-753 appears ignorant of its surroundings, and does not recognize the presence of personnel.
SCP-753's primary purpose appears to be the creation of paintings. Paintings produced by SCP-753 are highly realistic and often do not correspond to real locations. Recently, paintings created by SCP-753 have mostly involved, in some way, SCP-753's death. SCP-753 was initially returned to Marshall, Carter and Dark Ltd by one of their clients, who complained that it was 'broken'. ██████ ██████, a Foundation mole within the organisation, was able to retrieve SCP-753 before incineration.
SCP-753 usually produces one (1) painting per hour. When SCP-753 is not provided with adequate paint or painting canvas, it appears to enter a dormant state, shutting down for a minimum time length of one (1) week. As this heavily impedes research, SCP-753 is to be kept stocked with paint and canvases at all times. SCP-753 does not appear to be concerned about completed paintings, and generally ignores them after they are finished.
Painting Log:
Item #: SCP-754
Object Class: Euclid (Request for Keter classification under review, 20██/██/██)
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-754 is to be kept under constant surveillance in a Bio-Hazard Containment Chamber. The room must be equipped with a liquid nitrogen emergency coolant system. A shallow planter of standard potting soil has been placed next to SCP-754 to provide a "target zone" for germination events.
No instances of SCP-754 are to be retained outside of use in sanctioned experiments. Material containing SCP-754-1 may be incinerated.
To dispose of SCP-754, the room must be sealed and liquid nitrogen piped in until the ambient temperature has been at or below 150 K for a minimum of fifteen (15) minutes. SCP-754, any surrounding soil, and all instances of SCP-754-1 shall be incinerated, save one paper fragment of approximately twenty-five (25) square centimetres, which is to be treated as "seed stock" with a freshly-illustrated sheet. If SCP-754 germinates from a location other than the provided planter, the site should be sterilized with hydrochloric acid. In the event of containment system failure of SCP-754, its growth will be inhibited by temperatures below 250 K until automated systems are restored.
One (1) standard sheet of paper with hand-drawn illustrations is to be placed on the table as needed. Current procedures call for the replacement and disposal of the oldest illustration once the newer sheet shows evidence of buds; at the current rate of growth, replacement should occur every two to three days. If this rate is observed to increase, notify the level 3 supervisor (as of 20██/██/██, Doctor Cairns). Under no circumstances are any SCP objects containing hand-drawn illustrations to be allowed within twenty (20) metres of SCP-754-1.
Description: SCP-754 is superficially similar to Convolvulus arvensis, a flowering vine commonly known as "morning glory" or "field bindweed" in North America. Its leaves and vine are red with delicate black veins. Flowers, when present, are red with black mottling. SCP-754 will propagate in a manner similar to bindweed. However, it can overgrow any object, including those typically resistant to plant growth and water too deep for root stabilization. It can attain a top growth rate of █ metres per hour. It is inhibited by temperatures below 250 K (-23°C), and enters a dormant state when chilled below 150 K (-123°C).
SCP-754 is not limited to normal growth patterns, and can grow in paper media as an illustration (designated as SCP-754-1). It manifests itself as an additional image in hand-rendered illustrations, indistinguishable from the original contents in terms of medium, style, and scale. SCP-754-1 will propagate through the white space remaining on the material, as well as overgrowing illustrated objects. The growth rate is constant in the scale of the illustration; consequently, the linear spread across the material is not constant, and depends on the illustration. SCP-754-1 can also propagate to other illustrations within a fifteen (15) metre radius of the original medium; the time required to do so decreases with proximity and physical contact. Illustrations containing SCP-754-1 demonstrate a mild mind-affecting property: individuals below eighty (80) on the Psychic Resistance Scale will insist that SCP-754-1 has always been present in the illustration, and those below ninety (90) on the Psychic Resistance Scale will be reluctant to destroy SCP-754 unless prompted to or trained.
Illustrations containing SCP-754-1 will animate and change in response to the growth of SCP-754-1. Illustrations appear to be moving at a one-tenth (0.1 x) speed slow motion. It has not been determined if this occurs as a stop motion effect or as a constant movement. Volitional beings depicted in the illustration will react to SCP-754-1 and utilise other depicted objects as appropriate. The most common reaction observed is the attempt by individuals in the illustration to restrict or directly impede the growth of SCP-754-1.
When no white space remains on any illustrated material within range, SCP-754 will germinate within five (5) metres of SCP-754-1. This occurs no more than three (3) hours after the complete overgrowth of all white space in range. It will tend to appear where a non-anomalous plant could germinate.
SCP-754 instances can be destroyed by incineration. However, any root fragments left intact will be stimulated and cause immediate regeneration of SCP-754 within six (6) hours. Additionally, any chordate with mucous membrane contact to the ashes within twelve (12) hours will become a new medium for SCP-754 growth. Further instances of SCP-754 will then erupt from the petechiae of the plant. Dormant SCP-754 can be incinerated without inducing generation; root fragments must still be destroyed to prevent normal plant regrowth. No side effects have been observed from the incineration of material bearing SCP-754-1.
Addendum 754-01 - Circumstances of retrieval: SCP-754 was first brought to the attention of the Foundation when police officers in █████████, France, arrested an extremely agitated office worker who was found attacking courtyard weeds with a carbon dioxide (CO2) fire extinguisher. Foundation intervention was required when forty-five (45) infestations of SCP-754-1 subsequently developed in residential areas. Due to recommendations made by an office worker in custody, the containment team suffered no casualties. Following interrogation that lead to current containment procedures, the captured person of interest was released and amnesticized, though he is under periodic surveillance for future encounters with SCP-754.
Addendum 754-02: After the events of Experiment 754-07, personnel with figurative tattoos, brandings, or other decorative body modifications are forbidden from coming within twenty (20) metres of SCP-754, save for participation in approved experimentation.
« SCP-753 | SCP-754 | SCP-755 »
Item #: SCP-755
Object Class: Keter, containment pending.
Special Containment Procedures: The capture of SCP-755-a is to be considered a K class priority to all personnel assigned to SCP-755. Should SCP-755-a be captured alive, all possible effort is to be made to ensure their compliance, and they are to be delivered to Humanoid Detaining Facility 17 for questioning and study.
Any and all instances of SCP-755-b discovered are to be reported immediately to a superior and destroyed if possible. After encountering an instance of SCP-755-b, the discovering party is to seek a safe location within view of the instance and to remain observant for their own safety until the arrival of MTF Gamma-30, then to obey any orders or requests for assistance made by the MTF leader at that time.
Description: SCP-755-a (hereafter referred to as 'the vandal') is a graffiti vandal who is thought at the time of the archiving of this report to be active in San[REDACTED]ia, though the work of the artist has been sighted in eight other cities in the continental US and Europe, including Denver, CO, Newark, NJ, Muni[REDACTED] Security footage shows the vandal to be a light-skinned individual with a slim build who stands approximately two meters in height. From the basic body type shown in the footage, it is assumed though not confirmed that the vandal is male. The vandal regularly travels large cities, leaving behind instances of SCP-755-b.
Instance of SCP-755-b left on the entryway stairs of a private residence in [REDACTED]
SCP-755-b (hereafter referred to as 'the graffito') is a graffito, style and form varied by instance, that invariably reads (with incorrect capitalization remaining consistent in all instances) "WAtCh For thE WhitE Bird.". The graffito is typically written directly onto surfaces with marker or paint, or in some recorded instances (list available to personnel with level three clearance or higher upon request) inscribed on scrap material and left in prominent locations. The writing materials appear to have no anomalous properties, and several recovered instances are stored for study in the low risk materials sector of Site 93. Persons who read the graffito are invariably injured or killed in apparent accidents involving a white bird of some description. Extensive research has confirmed a statistical correlation between the accidents and having read the graffito, and that instances of the phrase written by persons other than the vandal do not correlate with accidents or injuries to any measurable extent.
SCP-755 was brought to the attention of the Foundation when an EMT discovered a journal belonging to the late investigative journalist Graham Scott on the scene of the seven-car pileup that resulted in the deaths of Scott and ██ other individuals. The journal details Scott's attempts to locate and interview the vandal, who he believed was attempting to warn the 'victims of the whte bird [sic]' in order to save their lives.
The white bird mentioned in the graffito and Scott's writing has not been confirmed to exist. In many events no bird can be confirmed to have been involved outside the direct testimony of the injured party, with some or all other witnesses claiming not to have seen any such avian at all, or with eyewitnesses disagree on the positioning, exact coloration, and species of the bird.
Addendum 755-1: Despite Scott's assertions, many Foundation researchers suspect that the vandal's role in the events preceded by viewing the graffito are causal rather than prophetic, and that the vandal seeks to further some agenda of their own, or merely enjoys the thrill of causing suffering and death. In light of this possibility, and given the established correlation between instances of the graffito and injuries or fatalities among otherwise unrelated persons, SCP-755 has been granted Keter level containment required status, and MTF Gamma-30, "Whitewatch", has been created to liaise with law enforcement to capture the vandal for study and questioning and destroy instances of the graffito as they are located.
Addendum-755-2: On [REDACTED]pears to have bypassed [DATA EXPUNGED] normal for an instance of the graffito but for the addition of the words "I'm sorry" in a small cursive font. The event was filed as usual by mem[DATA EXPUNGED]
Document 755-375:
Item #: SCP-758
Object Class: Safe
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-758 is to be kept in comfortable living quarters with whatever amenities he desires so long as they are within Foundation protocol. 758's quarters need neither lock nor guard. If he is found wandering the halls, contact one of the doctors studying the subject. He is to receive three meals a day and any snacks he may request. When speaking directly to SCP-758, he is to be addressed as "Vasili" at all times.
Description: SCP-758 is a young Russian male, 1.9 meters tall, weighing roughly 110 kg. Full name Vasili ████ ██████████, found in ██████, Russia in 19██. The subject was diagnosed as an extremely low functioning autistic at the age of four.
While it is only speculation, some members of the staff believe that the symptoms which caused SCP-758 to be diagnosed with autism are a coping mechanism that has been developed in response to his ability. At present, researchers have been unable to ascertain whether or not he actually has autism or if this is the case.
Addendum: 758-1
Item #: SCP-759
Object Class: Euclid
Special Containment Procedures: All samples of SCP-759 are to be stored in wide-mouthed, airtight ceramic or glass-lined containers. Samples are to be kept at temperatures no lower than 0.9 °C and no higher than 11.4 °C unless in active use. Once per week, the following procedure is to be observed by the assigned personnel for each active sample:
- Record date/time of feeding, feeder name, and feeder emotional state at time of feeding
- Open sample container
- Record visual/olfactory condition of sample
- Pour off and retain upper layer of liquid OR stir into main sample as assigned by Foundation orders
- Remove 125 g of sample in an airtight inert container- retain for ongoing analysis or other use as required
- Add 125 g unbleached, unbromated all-purpose white flour and 125 g pure distilled water
- Stir with clean, unpainted wooden implement until fully incorporated
- Seal container and return to cold storage
All removed samples are to be tracked and accounted for.
Description: SCP-759 is a 500-gram mass of sourdough starter composed primarily of wheat flour and water. The starter's active component is an ongoing culture of wild yeasts (including Candida milleri and Saccharomyces exiguus) in symbiotic balance with multiple strains of Lactobacillus and Acetobacter organisms. The original sample first came to Foundation attention after a sudden spontaneous outbreak of attempted murders motivated by apparently baseless jealousy in [REDACTED] County, Vermont. Without exception, the would-be murderers had recently participated in a pancake breakfast fundraiser at the local Methodist church. Further investigation led directly to a single batch of 'Old-Fashioned Melt-In-Your-Mouth Sourdough Flapjacks' produced by a chef with a longstanding untreated case of borderline personality disorder. The chef's starter was confiscated and replaced with a visually and olfactorily indistinguishable sample of equal mass and volume.
Like all starters, SCP-759 acquires a certain amount of its internal composition from its immediate environment. What distinguishes it from other sourdough is its ability to absorb the emotional state of the individuals who tend it, feed it, and bake with it- and transmit that emotional state or a close derivative thereof to anyone who consumes the resultant end product. Relevant variables include length of exposure and intensity of emotional state. Absorption of emotional information ceases upon the baked product achieving 57.5°C for one full minute. Testing of emotional information absorption while samples are in a frozen or dried state is ongoing, but preliminary evidence indicates any such absorption is slowed to the point of negligibility.
Log of tests with SCP-759
Item #: SCP-763
Object Class: Safe
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-763 is contained in Sub-Basement G of the now-defunct ██████ █████ veal production facility on the outskirts of ██████, Illinois. After the discovery of SCP-763, the Foundation acquired the facility, which was secured and designated Biological Site-██. The facility is still supplied with the liquid feed solution previously used to nourish veal calves, though only enough to maintain SCP-763's growth. The feeding system established by the facility's previous owner, Klaus ████, has been documented and should be maintained unless a more efficient feeding method is devised. If any components are added to SCP-763, the dosage of nutrient solution must be scaled up accordingly. Consult document SCP-763-█ for the volume and release time of solution to be provided per component.
Because of SCP-763's ability to absorb human organic matter into itself, it is vitally important that no personnel touch SCP-763 with bare skin.
Description: SCP-763 is a mass of human organic tissue occupying approximately three hundred (300) square meters of space with an estimated mass of over four thousand (4,000) kilograms. It is mostly in an irregular configuration of tissue, with the exception of SCP-763-A. Much of the mass of SCP-763 is muscular tissue with an abundance of blood vessels. This muscle tissue is highly atrophied and non-motile, though despite lack of use there is a great amount of blood flow at all times. Most of the structure is relatively thin at around ten (10) centimeters thick, allowing the blood flow to diffuse the high heat generated by the central mass, which is a large lump approximately two (2) meters high. This blood flow is provided by a large, central collection of hearts and a number of other hearts arrayed throughout SCP-763's structure. All the organs of the human body are present in SCP-763, located in a relatively even distribution throughout the system. The lungs are fed by a number of mouth-like round holes in SCP-763's skin. The feeding tubes pass directly into SCP-763 as though the flesh grew around them as its mass expanded.
Researchers believe that the blood vessels and organs are essentially a support system for what has been designated "the cluster". The cluster is an interconnected network of thirty-seven (37) human brains of varying sizes, connected by chains of cells resembling neurons. This array is enclosed by a multi-layered arrangement of bone growths. The bones most closely resemble ribs, though they exhibit offshoots that allow them to interlace into a tighter structure. Initial analysis revealed a far higher than normal amount of neurotransmitter activity. Over time the individual brains each enter a "resting" state with neural activity consistent with REM sleep, in time periods consistent with a polyphasic sleep pattern. This resting state lasts approximately forty-five (45) minutes. At any given time there are five (5) brains in this resting state while the remaining thirty-two (32) brains are in the active state.
A collection of bone and nerve fibers resembling a spinal column approximately three (3) meters in length extends from the cluster to join with the spinal column of SCP-763-A. SCP-763-A appears to be the body of the facility's former owner, Klaus ████. The body is only partially absorbed into the rest of SCP-763, retaining all its (presumably) original organs and general shape and structure. To date it has shown no signs of movement or further absorption. It should be noted that other absorbed subjects have been completely integrated into SCP-763 within three (3) months. When SCP-763 was discovered, SCP-763-A was in a seated position, in which it remains. There was a table in front of SCP-763-A with a sheaf of papers on them, completely decayed from the warm, damp conditions of Sub-Basement G. SCP-763-A's hand held a pencil, apparently poised to write. Any previous writing has been lost with the degradation of the paper. SCP-763-A's facial expression is one of intense concentration or perhaps pain, with features contorted and eyes closed. Unlike the rest of the muscular tissue in SCP-763, SCP-763-A is not atrophied, despite having exhibited no movement to date. Researchers assume that SCP-763-A remains unabsorbed to function as an interface with the rest of SCP-763. To date no stimulus has provoked a response from SCP-763-A, other than autonomic reflexes and immune system response.
Since its discovery by the Foundation, SCP-763 has incorporated biological material from seven (7) humans (two (2) security personnel, one (1) medical technician, three (3) Class-D personnel, and Dr. █████). Direct skin contact with SCP-763 causes tiny barbs to hook into the skin and administer a paralytic neurotoxin. As soon as the subject is paralyzed, digestive acids are secreted and begin to dissolve the skin where contact was initiated. Once this is done, the skin will begin to heal at an accelerated rate, with the subject's skin now bonding with SCP-763. This process of dissolving and re-healing is repeated over and over with the subject becoming progressively more integrated into SCP-763. After a subject is mostly absorbed, their organs begin to migrate to different areas, taking their place throughout the network as needed. In some cases, organs that are seemingly not needed are digested and used for additional nutrition. Most subjects have been fully absorbed within two months. Dr. █████'s organs did not stop their movement until more than three (3) months had passed. Researchers believe that this longer time was due to the inner cage around the cluster moving to accommodate the addition of Dr. █████'s brain. To date this is the only time at which a brain has been added, with all others digested.
Addenda:
Item #: SCP-764
Object Class: Safe
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-764 is to be kept in Hazard Vault MT-███, with unlocking mechanisms only operable by two Class 1 Researchers or higher working in tandem. No personnel are to enter without proper safety precautions, and no personnel are to be in Hazard Vault MT-███ unless under the direct orders of Level 4 personnel or as part of an approved destruction attempt. Personnel entering Hazard Vault MT-███ are to wear the locking gauntlets in Containment Supply 313, size 14, and the key is not to be brought into the vault. The gauntlets physically prevent attempts to don SCP-764 due to their size, and therefore permit SCP-764 to be handled with a modicum of safety.
Description: SCP-764 is a pair of Punch and Judy puppets that display no exceptional characteristics upon visual inspection. When observed by individuals with no barrier between them and SCP-764-1 or SCP-764-2, a compulsion comes over a single person to 'put on a show' utilizing the puppets, even if none present have any skill, talent, or training regarding puppeteering. All others feel an overwhelming urge to watch the show, regarding all events taking place as the height of entertainment until the show is over. As the subject dons SCP-764-1 and SCP-764-2 (in no circumstances have SCP-764-1 and SCP-764-2 been seen placed on separate performers), any individuals without physical barriers between themselves and SCP-764 will find themselves compelled to sit and watch the show. The show begins as a normal Punch and Judy show, with light slapstick comedy and violence occurring between the puppets.
After a period of three to five minutes, an individual will be chosen from the audience and brought forward, participating in a part of the show (typically playing as a police officer or constable, but in Incident 764-34d, the subject played as E-class Agent Jonathan █████████, an individual who was part of the team responsible for recovering SCP-764). A lighthearted exchange will occur between the 'volunteer' and the puppets before the violent slapstick resumes, but after this exchange, both puppets will brandish appropriately sized weapons and begin to viciously attack the 'volunteer'. The remaining audience will find this even more amusing than the previous antics of the puppets, and even the 'volunteer' will laugh until SCP-764-1 inflicts the final and invariably fatal wound, quipping, "That's the way to do it!"
Another short delay will ensue as the puppets banter, until another 'volunteer' is brought forward and the process repeated, with the roles assumed by those coming forward becoming more and more bizarre as the show progresses. The show will conclude with the puppeteer's death, or after four to eleven individuals are killed, at which point the puppeteer will begin removing the puppets and ask, "Did you enjoy the show?" and receive as a response from all surviving audience members, "Yes, Professor." A show concluded in this manner will negate SCP-764's ability to mentally influence individuals for anywhere from eleven to twenty-six minutes.
Addendum:
Item #: SCP-765
Object Class: Safe
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-765 is to be isolated from the rest of Site-88 by a wire fence of at least 1.22 meters. Instances of SCP-765-1 are harmless beyond this area, and SCP-765's effects are negligible at this range. SCP-765 is to be staffed with a rotating group of researchers and guards. These personnel are to be changed every three to six days to avoid suffering the detrimental effects of SCP-765. Researchers who have been absent from SCP-765 for at least one month may apply for assignment to it again.
Description: SCP-765 is a duck pond, discovered in the █████████ region of South Carolina in 197█. SCP-765 appears to emanate an emotional effect causing what researchers have called "serenity." Researchers, guards, and test subjects within the field of SCP-765 report relaxed feelings, contentment with their life, and justification with their life choices. However, after seven to twelve days, the shift becomes one of lethargy, apathy, boredom, and depression. Further shifts beyond this are currently being monitored, with test subjects D-02841, D-02844, and D-02851 having been in the effect for over a ███████ █████. Psychological reports on all these subjects are available at request with approval from Dr. G████.
Due to its relaxing nature, SCP-765 is regularly assigned to researchers undergoing severe stress or lethargy. The effect does not appear addictive or memetic in any way.
Addendum SCP-765-1, 197█:
Unsurprisingly, several members of the Anatidae family showed up today, classified SCP-765-1. While they do not appear affected by SCP-765, staff have reported that a degree of jollity has been observed in participants and the speed with which the negative effect is reported seems to be diminished. Recommend further research with other species of waterfowl. - Dr. █████
« SCP-764 | SCP-765 | SCP-766 »
Item #: SCP-766
Object Class: Safe
Special Containment Procedures: Due to SCP-766's immobile nature, Site-362 has been built around it. Operated by dummy corporation ██████ ███ ██ in ██████, Indonesia, SCP-766 is stored in a locked room behind the site's storage room. A wooden crate has been lowered over it, which is fastened to a cleat on the floor by a combination lock.
Though classified as Safe, precautions should be taken when interacting with SCP-766. Leather gloves and Plexiglas visors are recommended for handling, and are stored on-site.
Description: SCP-766 is a human-shaped anomaly in space that matter cannot pass through, making it, in effect, an invisible "statue" of a person. Plaster applied to the anomaly has allowed researchers to study its shape: It is in the shape of a perfectly anatomically correct nude woman in her late 30s with features consistent with the native population of the island. It is running, mid-stride, and looking behind, up, and to the left. The right hand forms a fist with the fingers leaving a hollow, cylindrical opening, suggesting that it once held an implement of some sort. A band on the left shoulder is indented in a way that the strap of a satchel might cause. SCP-766's facial expression appears both exhausted and startled.
SCP-766 was once known to the local population as the "Woman-Bearing Tree." A Santalum album had grown around it, suggesting its shape. It had been considered a local botanical oddity until a forest fire in 19██, which destroyed the tree and left ash resting atop SCP-766, making it appear that the debris was floating. Foundation agents intervened, sequestering it.
SCP-766 does not appear to actually be constructed from any sort of material. X-rays do not show its form and tests to determine conductivity have returned no results. Sonar remains the sole effective imaging technique. Attempts to obtain a sample of SCP-766 using diamond-tipped drills resulted in broken machinery.
All elements of SCP-766 are solid and immobile. This extends to its "hair", and agents should be mindful to avoid puncture wounds. The use of on-site safety equipment, though not mandatory, is strongly recommended. Attempts to relocate SCP-766 have proven ineffective. The use of bulldozers and other heavy machinery to move it has been attempted, to no avail.
Addendum 766-01:
Item #: SCP-769
Object Class: Safe
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-769 must be kept inside a secure, waterproof vault whenever it is not in use. No fluid is to come in contact with the bowl outside of approved experiment protocols.
Description: SCP-769 is a cup ten centimeters tall and twelve centimeters across. It is made of pottery with a golden glaze. It is covered with a white residue. Several preserved parts from cephalopods and other sea creatures are stuck in the residue. A pattern is carved into its rim; however, the pattern is obscured by the residue. It has been decided not to attempt removal of this residue or the items stuck within it, as efforts to restore SCP-769 may hamper its effects even further.
SCP-769 is an artifact of the █████████ civilization that existed ████ years ago in modern-day ██████. Water from the object alters the memories of those who drink it.
When a subject drinks from the cup (or water that has been poured from the cup), new information is written directly into the subject's brain. However, they lose memories they already possess, much like a computer's storage being overwritten. The memories lost are unpredictable, though usually comparable to the information gained. All water from the bowl must be drunk, or else the subject gains fragmented, unreliable information.
The information given is seemingly random, coming from a repository of information from the █████████. It includes cultural, technological, and military information. It appears that it was intended as an encyclopedia. However, so far no method has been found to retrieve specific information from the goblet. Whether this is due to problems inherent in the storage method or to the degradation of the cup over time is unknown at present.
Full debriefing of the subjects takes approximately one week, though it can take longer depending on the information gained.
Subject D-769-32 has been useful in translating information, and has therefore been removed from the regular termination schedule, until such a time as she can teach the language to others.
Addendum 769-1: The results from Subject D-769-37 have raised this object from a mild curiosity to a priority. Recreating the power source for that engine would prove invaluable to the Foundation.
Addendum 769-2: Per the Administrator's instructions, Subject D-769-71 was given multiple exposures to SCP-769. However, the results have proven unsatisfactory due to the possibility of losing valuable information.
Addendum 769-3: Reports will move from a weekly to a monthly basis.
Addendum 769-4: Future reports to the Administrator will no longer contain a listing of all findings. Only those of strategic importance will be passed on. The Administrator does not want to know about █████████ courtship rituals unless they involve lasers, zero-point generators, or flying cars, and how to build them.
Addendum 769-5: Reports will move from a monthly to a bi-monthly basis.
Addendum 769-6: Due to stronger demand in other areas, resources for this project are being cut by 80 percent.
Addendum 769-7: Reports will move from a bi-monthly to a semi-annual basis.
Addendum 769-8: After ten years, several thousand test subjects, and nothing to show for it but a handful of fascinating but ultimately useless technical schematics, results from SCP-769 have begun to repeat themselves. Perhaps the encyclopedia is damaged, and has lost other information, as well as any indexing system. Perhaps this was all that was ever on it. In any event, it is now advised that the project be shelved until such a time as the information can be more efficiently catalogued.
Partial Test Log
Item #: SCP-772
Object Class: Euclid
Special Containment Procedures: All SCP-772 specimens are to be contained in their 18 m x 18 m x 9 m enclosure, which is contained within a 20 m x 20 m x 10 m hermetically sealed chamber located at Sector-07. A maximum capacity of fifteen (15) specimens per this enclosure is advised, as exceeding this number could result in heightened levels of SCP-772 aggression. This chamber is fitted with a pneumatic fluoridated aluminum dispenser that may be activated remotely if an emergency euthanisation of SCP-772 is necessary, resulting in the suffocation and incineration of all SCP-772 specimens. This emergency euthanisation mechanism and all related equipment must undergo routine maintenance checks to ensure adequate performance. The interval between maintenance checks is not to exceed seven (7) days. SCP-772 eggs are to be stored in a well-lit freezer at a temperature no higher than -10º C (14º F). Surplus/unwanted eggs are to be incinerated immediately and the resulting debris must be examined for any signs of life. If signs of life are present a second round of incineration is authorised. The same procedure should be applied to all expired/unneeded subjects who are, or could possibly be, SCP-772 hosts.
NOTE: Personnel intending to use SCP-772 for purposes not qualifying as research-oriented must obtain O5 authorisation. – Dr. Woodside
Description: SCP-772 is a wasp of unknown species, superficially resembling members of the Megarhyssa genus. A mature adult is typically 60 cm in length, from head to abdomen, excluding antennae and ovipositor. This barbed ovipositor, reaching a length of up to 70 cm, is used to penetrate its host and deposit anywhere from 5 to 20 eggs. Eggs are typically 6 cm long and 2.5 cm in diameter. SCP-772 is meticulous and almost surgical during oviposition: it makes an incision no longer than 3 cm, and the host is paralysed and/or comatose for several hours until the wound can heal sufficiently. Injected along with the eggs is a polydnavirus uniquely adapted to suppress the immune system of mammals, analogous to the smaller parasitoid wasps which do the same to their caterpillar hosts.
Female specimens of SCP-772 pose a significant safety hazard, as the ovipositor is extremely sharp and manoeuvrable. When threatened, females will use this organ as a weapon and stab the offender repeatedly. While these wounds are not always fatal, they have been reported to be acutely painful, and cases of bone penetration have been documented. Although caution should be exercised around all specimens of SCP-772, males lack the ovipositor which serves as the female’s weapon and method of host infiltration.
Females are capable of reproducing asexually via thelytokous parthenogenesis and will do so in the absence of males. SCP-772 requires a warm, dark, nutrient-rich cavity in which to lay its eggs. It habitually deposits eggs in the abdominal subcutaneous fat of large mammals, but has been known to utilise subcutaneous fat in other regions, including the shoulder, back, hip, thigh, and [DATA EXPUNGED]. See extensive testing conducted on D-class personnel in Document [ADDITIONAL CLEARANCE REQUIRED]. SCP-772 eggs have an incubation period of 4 to 12 days, and length of incubation period is speculated to share an inversely proportional relationship with levels of host stress hormone. Upon hatching, SCP-772 larvae begin their consumption of host tissue, gradually working their way into the depths of the host's body. The larvae may be easily mistaken for abscesses/tumors, but as SCP-772 progresses away from the hypodermis, it appears to the observer that said abscesses/tumors are diminishing of their own accord.
SCP-772 was discovered on the fourth of ████, 19██, when Professor ████████, a noted entomologist of ███████ University, was found disemboweled and partially devoured on his bathroom floor. Several adult SCP-772's were found feeding on his remains and that of his two cats, indicating that SCP-772 is carnivorous even after pupation. Interviews with his colleagues revealed that Professor ████████ had apparently returned from the Azores islands about two weeks before his death. He did not contact anyone following his arrival in the U.K. and did not return to the university. Professor ████████ had been conducting research in remote areas of the Azores for months at a time and had little contact with anyone during his absence. He recorded data and personal reflections in a series of journals, two of which were found on-site. Relevant and/or noteworthy excerpts have been transcribed and included for post-mortem analysis.
Journal 772-B:
Item #: SCP-773
Object Class: Safe
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-773 requires no special containment procedures at this time, and is to be held at Site-██ in secure storage until further notice.
Description: SCP-773 is a standard English style dartboard with a diameter of 451 mm. It is divided into the standard twenty segments and an inner and outer bulls eye ring, along with the standard double and triple bands. SCP-773 was acquired by Agent ██████ from a Mr. ████████ of Gloucester, England residence, after an anomalous police report came to the attention of the Foundation. Mr. ████████ was found dead in his home, with several ruptured blood vessels, and a heart attack which proved fatal. Police were unable to identify any cause of death.
After investigation into the death by Agent ██████, it was discovered that the dartboard in his study had been acquired from the organization known as Marshall, Carter, and Dark Ltd recently, after wiring a large sum of money to the organization three weeks prior. Upon recovery of the object a set of instructions were recovered from a panel in the rear of the board, which also contained a set of diamond tipped darts with a space to insert small strips of paper. The instructions were handwritten and signed by a Mister ███████████.
According to the instructions, when a dart is thrown onto the board, from a distance of at least three meters, and the name of a person is written upon the dart, it will cause harmful injury to that person, depending on where the dart impacts the board. The higher the number on the board, the more severe the injury, ranging from a simple sprain of the elbow, to as severe as a complete rupture of the aorta. The instructions explicitly state that the person must be written clearly on the dart, and that the rules are observed, or the detrimental effect will occur to the thrower. This effect occurs in triplicate according to the standard British Dart Organization rules, before another person can be selected by another player to be injured. Double and triple bands incur ill effects based upon the base score they multiply.
After significant experimentation, all of these effects have been confirmed by Foundation staff, using Class D personnel. It was also discovered that it would not affect any person more than 30 meters from the board itself.
Addendum:
Item #: SCP-776
Object Class: Euclid
Special Containment Procedures: A 6.5 meter wall with posted guards and a surveillance system has been built around the town inhabited by SCP-776-A. Civilians are under the impression that this marks the territory of a government research facility. Site-██ has been established within these limits for research into the anomalous properties of SCP-776-A. Personnel assigned to SCP-776-A are free to interact with its members at any given time, but are encouraged to limit such contact to only that which is needed to further understanding of the SCP. Interaction with members of SCP-776-A is limited strictly to testing in light of the events of Incident 776-3. No individual who is part of the SCP-776-A group is allowed to leave the town under any circumstances.
Description: SCP-776-A is the adult population of a remote town located in the far northwest corner of Russia, estimated at 6██ individuals. The members of SCP-776-A have discovered a method of reversing biological aging, designated SCP-776-B. The ritual involves the sacrifice of a human being who must be younger than the performer of the ritual, with children being the preferable subjects of sacrifice. The complete instructions for enacting SCP-776-B have been recorded in Document 776-109-Alpha, a Level 776-4 restricted document. Members of SCP-776-A claim to have been using SCP-776-B since 18██ to sustain eternal life and semi-eternal youth. Members of SCP-776-A refuse to divulge the origins of SCP-776-B. The average age of SCP-776-A members ranges from 23 to 51 years of age. This cycle of aging progresses as follows:
SCP-776 was discovered in 19██ after an individual named ██████ ███████ who had stumbled upon the town in 19██ revisited it 12 years later after remembering the hospitality of its citizens. Upon entering the town, ███████ noticed that the town was filled with young adults instead of the families he had encountered during his first visit. ███████ reported that when he questioned a citizen about this, the citizen immediately turned hostile and attempted to murder him. ███████ successfully escaped the town and reported it to nearby authorities. The Foundation soon took notice and took over investigation and administered Class A amnestics to Mr. ███████. After a heated debate, the members of SCP-776-A agreed to allow the Foundation to isolate and study them.
SCP-776-A claim their town's name to be ███████. Another town with this name was abandoned in 19██; however, the town populated by SCP-776-A was discovered in 19██, ██ years before the abandonment of the aforementioned town. Russian government officials claim to not have been aware of SCP-776-A's existence nor the town they inhabit, stating never to have plans to build another ███████. SCP-776-A members claim to have no knowledge of when or why "███████" was founded, saying that none of their elders ever discussed the topic.
Incident 776-3: On 03/██/20██ at ████ hours, approximately ███ individual SCP-776-A members launched an assault on Site-██, killing ██ personnel, including █ guards and █ scientists. The remaining guards used their combined force to suppress the attack, killing ██ members of SCP-776-A in the process. The organizer of the group, SCP-776-A-276, was apprehended for interview while the rest of the attacking group was terminated.
Interview 776-6
Item #: SCP-779
Object Class: Safe
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-779 is currently contained at Site ██, in ██████. SCP-779 specimens are to be contained in a 6 m x 6 m chamber with no furniture. All personnel entering SCP-779's containment chamber are to wear hazmat suits. Hazmat suits are to be checked for ruptures before and after entering the containment chamber.
In the event of a suit breach, compromised personnel are to be removed from the area and detained for twenty-four (24) hours. SCP-779 is to be provided with one (1) liter of milk each day.
Description: SCP-779 is a species of insect similar in appearance to the common bee or a wasp. Specimens of SCP-779 are typically colored red and black, although variations in this have been noted among their populace. SCP-779 usually breed and live in human residences, but sightings of SCP-779 have been reported at rivers and lakes, suggesting the possible existence of a subspecies.
SCP-779 operates with a typical social system; a queen is always present in the center of the nest and reproduces constantly, while workers retrieve food for the rest of the hive by stealing from the residence. SCP-779 queens are recognizable by the distinctive yellow spot present on their backs.
SCP-779 nests are usually formed from whatever materials are available in a section of the human residence with little traffic, such as an attic or basement. SCP-779 have been observed to operate at all times of the day. When a nest has been formed, specimens of SCP-779 will attempt to sting residents, injecting them with their hallucinogenic venom. After this initial injection, SCP-779 will sting their victims at least once per day to keep the venom in their system.
When injected with the venom, victims of SCP-779 will perceive SCP-779 as small humanoid figures with wings and believe that SCP-779 are assisting with the maintenance of the residence. Victims will continue to believe this even if the residence undergoes structural collapse.
Continued exposure to SCP-779's venom can result in victims viewing them as their 'children' and defending them from most threats. SCP-779 appears to only sting humans, and will not undergo this parasitic relationship with other species.
SCP-779 will consume most edible substances, with a particular affinity to milk. Consumption of milk seems to be remedial to SCP-779. Injuries such as torn wings and missing legs have been observed to heal in a matter of hours after consumption.
Victims of SCP-779 will usually give most of their food to SCP-779, but will not allow themselves to succumb to malnutrition. SCP-779 can exist in symbiosis with their victims for months or years, until the victim is cut off from the supply of venom.
« SCP-778 | SCP-779 | SCP-780 »
Item #: SCP-784
Object Class: Euclid
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-784 has been disguised as a gated community and is currently surrounded by a 3.5-meter-high, 0.8-meter-thick concrete wall to deter intrusion. The top of the wall is lined with electrified steel cable, and the gate is to be locked. Any non-Foundation personnel attempting to enter SCP-784 are not to be interfered with, due to the possibility of provoking a violent reaction from the occupants of SCP-784. Non-Foundation personnel exiting SCP-784 are to be detained, questioned, and released following administration of a Class-B amnestic. Foundation personnel entering SCP-784 are to be dressed in traditional Christmas wear prior to entering SCP-784.
The area composing SCP-784 is to be monitored remotely by a Foundation-controlled weather balloon. In the event that personnel are required to enter SCP-784, all involved personnel must have memorized the entire contents of the A██ P███████ 'Beginners Guide to Christmas Carols'. They are to be checked for precision prior to entering SCP-784. Due to SCP-784's proximity to suburban housing developments, as well as the ramifications of provoking SCP-784-1, patrols within SCP-784 are to be unarmed except during a Noel event. In the case of an unexpected Noel event, members of SCP-784-1 are to be restrained as non-violently as possible while Foundation personnel prepare procedure 784-C.
Description: SCP-784 is a neighborhood in the town of ████, Texas. Currently SCP-784 is made up of twenty-four houses and two apartment buildings, all of which are decorated with ██████-brand Christmas lights at a density of approximately fifteen lights per square meter of housing. SCP-784 will always be covered by between 12 and 33 centimeters of snow, though no unseasonable weather will occur above SCP-784.
All houses within SCP-784 are occupied by a variable number of instances of SCP-784-1. SCP-784-1 is composed mostly of adult humans, all of whom wear sweaters typically associated with holiday gift giving. The number of unique instances of SCP-784-1 within SCP-784 has been estimated at three hundred. Instances of SCP-784-1 have not been observed engaging in reproductive activity, and no instances of SCP-784-1 have ever observably been born within SCP-784. Instances of SCP-784-1 appear to age normally, though the death of an instance of SCP-784-1 has never been observed by Foundation personnel.
All instances of SCP-784-1 express traits commonly associated with 'Christmas spirit' throughout the year. These traits include singing of Christmas carols, performance of plays commonly associated with the birth of Christ, and various eggnog-related festivities. These activities are engaged in daily, though specific activities will never repeat more than once per week.
During daylight hours, instances of SCP-784-1 will engage in activities such as gift exchanges and home decoration. Post-sunset activities include decorating of foreign objects as well as vandalism, which is typically holiday-themed. A Foundation supply convoy refueling overnight near SCP-784 attracted an unprecedented response from SCP-784-1, which proceeded to:
Any living creature within SCP-784 not viewed as displaying adequate 'Christmas spirit' will become the focus of all instances of SCP-784-1 within approximately four meters. In the case of an animal, instances of SCP-784-1 will be called from the nearest house and place a holiday-themed accessory on the focus. Observed decorations have included:
Human subjects who do not meet SCP-784's criteria for 'Christmas spirit' will be assaulted by SCP-784-1, incapacitated, and forcibly directed into the nearest household. They will not be seen until the following day, when they will exit the household dressed similarly to other instances of SCP-784-1. Attempts to retrieve affected personnel have been met with great resistance on both the part of SCP-784-1 and the affected individual.
The criteria which SCP-784 follows for definition of 'Christmas spirit' appear to be extremely broad. See addendum 784-A for a complete log of personnel abducted, and assumed reasons for abduction.
Approximately once per month, SCP-784-1 will attempt to exit SCP-784 and enter the surrounding suburban community; this is referred to by on-site personnel as a 'Noel event'. During a Noel event, each instance of SCP-784-1 will carry a string of Christmas lights estimated to be fifteen meters long. Instances of SCP-784-1 will attach these lights to any nearby house, which will become decoratively and functionally identical to all other houses within SCP-784. Signs of an incoming Noel event include increased festivity during the day preceding the event, excessive eggnog consumption by a significant portion of SCP-784-1, and an increase in the number of decorations present within SCP-784.
Procedure 784-C is to be executed prior to the occurrence of a Noel event. Foundation personnel are to dress themselves in traditional 'Santa' outfits, and distribute themselves near the exit of SCP-784. They are to begin singing 'Good King Wenceslas' and distributing non-alcoholic eggnog to other personnel. On the arrival of SCP-784-1, personnel are to distribute eggnog mixed with a mild sedative to the crowd. Personnel are to appear friendly and cheerful at all times, as SCP-784-1 has proven capable of abducting personnel while nearly unconscious.
Following the distribution of eggnog, personnel are encouraged to sing carols associated with peace and goodwill. 'Silent Night' has proven most effective. Instances of SCP-784-1 will begin to sing along, and personnel are to accept their choice of song. SCP-784-1 will begin to fall unconscious as the night progresses. Unconscious instances of SCP-784-1 will be removed to nearby houses by other instances, and personnel are not to interfere with this process. Any interference with the actions of SCP-784-1 may trigger a violent response, and will wake all instances of SCP-784-1.
Instances of SCP-784-1 not affected by procedure 784-C are to be silently incapacitated when no longer visible from the gates of the community, and returned after all other instances of SCP-784-1 have re-entered SCP-784.
In the event that procedure 784-C fails, Foundation personnel are to release an aerosolized sleeping gas. Foundation personnel are to restrain instances of SCP-784-1 until the gas takes effect, at which time all instances are to be returned to SCP-784. Standard cover story 139 ("Drunken Football") is to be used to respond to any concerns expressed by nearby residents.
Addendum:
Item #: SCP-792
Object Class: Euclid
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-792 is surrounded by an electric fence topped with razor-wire, measuring 4 meters high. The only entrance to SCP-792 is a gate on the south side, which is to be guarded by three (3) armed security personnel at all times. Additional security personnel are posted every 1.5 km around the perimeter. SCP-792 must be inspected weekly for new instances of SCP-792-1, except between September 2nd and October 31st. No other personnel are to be admitted to the area.
Description: SCP-792 is a wooded area measuring 4 square kilometers near the town of ███████, ██. SCP-792 contains, at any given time, between 37 and 4,500 human corpses, hereby designated SCP-792-1. Instances of SCP-792-1 vary greatly in race, age, etc., with slight trends existing towards Caucasian and Hispanic descent and heightened age. All specimens are nude.
Instances emerge from the ground at apparently random intervals at a rate of roughly ten (10) per day in a process that takes between nine (9) and fourteen (14) days. SCP-792-1 specimens will emerge headfirst in a prone position. After emergence, decomposition will proceed as expected in SCP-792's environment. Fully emerged instances of SCP-792-1 show no unusual properties. If removed from the ground prior to complete formation, the portions of SCP-792-1 that were underground will be composed of a large mass of root-like structures. Analysis of these structures has shown them to be identical in composition to human muscle tissue.
Once a year, between the dates of September 2nd and October 31st, 90 to 130 humanoid figures (hereby referred to as SCP-792-2) will appear in and climb out of a pond in the center of the area. Instances of SCP-792-2 are clothed in white Level A hazmat suits with tinted visors which prevent the face from being visible. Instances are sapient and capable of communication in English. After exiting the pond, SCP-792-2 will retrieve fully formed instances of SCP-792-1 and place them in the pond, where they will disappear. This process takes two days to complete. An average of 13% of fully grown instances of SCP-792-1 are not taken through the pond. Instead, instances of SCP-792-2 will construct a large bonfire in the center of SCP-792 and burn them. The purpose of this is currently unknown. If questioned, instances of SCP-792-2 are generally cooperative, but will refuse to leave the area and show anxiety to begin working again.
Addendum 9A
Item #: SCP-793
Object Class: Euclid
Zone of Denial (Current): 13.4 meters
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-793 is to be marked with stakes marking the perimeter of the "Zone of Denial" (A base distance of 13.4 meters from each side of the ████████ ██████ Medicinal Center is to be marked as the Zone of Denial, with a second perimeter extending the Zone of Denial out an extra 50 meters to be regarded as the "Restricted Zone"). Signs - placed on the perimeter of the Zone of Denial - must state "No Unauthorized Entrance" in the following languages: English, French, Swahili, Luba-Kasai, Kikongo, and Luganda. When testing, access is to be restricted to Class-Ds. No other Foundation personnel are to be allowed entrance. The future installation of security cameras around the hospital is a possibility.
Description: SCP-793 is described as a hyper-reproductive paranormal variation of Human Congo trypanosomiasis (a parasitic protozoa also known as the "African Sleeping Sickness") inhabiting the abandoned ████████ ██████ Medicinal Center located in [DATA EXPUNGED], built by ███████ missionaries in 18██. SCP-793's first known appearance was documented in 19██. The hospital was subsequently relinquished from use █ years after due to exponential growth of SCP-793, but it was never demolished due to superstitions the populous and prominent █████ and ████████ tribes held. In 19██, the hospital was secured by the Foundation. SCP-793, in its passive form, does not appear to exist unless a suitable human host enters the Zone of Denial (ZoD), which is currently estimated to be 13.4 meters from any point around the hospital.
When a human enters the zone of denial, the organism will appear spontaneously inside the human's circulatory system. Unlike a normal form of trypanosomiasis, which has a limited rate of reproduction, the reproductive rate of SCP-793 increases proportionally to the subject's distance into the ZoD, e.g. when a subject is at the edge of the ZoD, SCP-793 will reproduce at ~5% the speed of Human Congo trypanosomiasis, but once inside the hospital (where reproductive capability is at a constant), SCP-793 cells will reproduce at ~400% the speed of their cousin.
████████ ██████ Medicinal Center, the current residence of SCP-793
Symptoms appear to be dissimilar to those of normal Congo trypanosomiasis, with a notable increase in hysteria and swelling of the lymph nodes. The opposite occurs when a subject leaves the ZoD. The reproductive rate decreases, and parasites will spontaneously disappear, with no visible signs of cell death. Somatic cells whose deaths can be attributed to SCP-793 will appear as if origination suddenly occurs, not as of the result of general somatic mitosis. The symptoms will fade to those of earlier stages (from the neurological phase going to the haemolymphatic stage, etc) until the are no signs of the protist existing when a human victim exits the ZoD.
One final note about possible human death as the result of SCP-793's actions: the "reversal effects" reverse victim death completely. Once the deceased are rescued from the maximum reproductive zone, somatic cells appear immediately and any remaining instances of SCP-793 disappear. Upon the so-called "undeath", individuals often recall extreme pain due to the reconstruction of their body (mostly regarded as something along the lines of "thousands of knives piercing [their] body") and have no recollection of ever entering the Zone of Denial or any knowledge of SCP-793.
SCP-793's reversal effects only regard any damage it causes a human. Bodies whose deaths are attributed to other causes (such as normal Human Congo trypanosomiasis) will not be affected. SCP-793 does not seem to appear on anything that is not a living human body entering the Zone of Denial does not appear on anything that is not living human tissue. Appearance of SCP-793 does occur on partial entrance of a human to the Zone of Denial and is limited to the fraction of the human that is in the Zone of Denial.
Items brought out of the Hospital have no unique effect attached to them.
Addendum SCP-793:XOJ1: REGARDING SITE DEMOLITION OF SCP-793 VIA ███ ████████
As suggested by Dr. William Hunt and Chong Meng, Ph. D.
Date/Time: [DATA EXPUNGED]
The ████████ ██████ Medicinal Center, otherwise known as the residence of the infamous SCP-793 specimen, was subject to the possibility of sterilization. Proposals generally suggested a wide variety of explosive materials, typically ███-based compounds. Controversy over the destruction of Euclid-class specimens has always been a major topic of discussion within the Foundation. The general consensus about the termination of SCP-793 is one of concern: most Foundation personnel suggest the continued containment of SCP-793, despite continued controversy over the topic. The details for the defense of continued containment procedures are as follows:
A) SCP-793 really poses no real threat. No permanent death has occurred from the actions of the ghost trypanosomiasis.
B) The hospital's architectural structure appears to be continually sturdy and shows no signs of serious decay, suggesting structural invulnerability. We don't think this should be tested, at least not yet.
C) As reference to the consensus, we have no knowledge of what would happen on attempted destruction of the hospital.
D) Angering of the close-by tribes in the area.
We also would like to discuss possible reclassification of SCP-793 from "Euclid" to "Safe".
Addendum SCP-793:OR51: REGARDING ZONE OF DENIAL FLUCTUATION
Reported by Mark Fulu via E-Mail, edited for better comprehension.1
[It] seems [that] a few of the test[s into Zone of Denial] have found that [the] bound[a]ry is far [further away] th[a]n what it was [used to be], not know what do??? [I don't know what to do about this?]
Date/Time: [DATA TEMPORARILY EXPUNGED UNTIL INVESTIGATION]
[H]elp [I] not know what [to] do, the thing [the Zone of Denial keeps] changing.
Date/Time: [DATA TEMPORARILY EXPUNGED UNTIL INVESTIGATION]
[P]le[a]se help, it [the Zone of Denial] is growing bigger and bigger and bigger now!!!
Date/Time: [DATA TEMPORARILY EXPUNGED UNTIL INVESTIGATION]
Other similar messages from Mark Fulu and other personnel stationed in the area has brought intrigued investigation by Foundation assets in North America. Confirmation of Zone of Denial distance fluctuation is currently pending.
« SCP-792 | SCP-793 | SCP-794 »
Item #: SCP-796
Object Class: Euclid
Special Containment Procedures: As SCP-796 affects only one individual at any one time, information concerning it need only be suppressed at a local level. Clinical and psychiatric records are to be screened for possible mentions of SCP-796's effects. The current affected individual is to be identified and located as soon as possible. Should an individual be confirmed to be under the effect of SCP-796, they are to be coerced into containment. The use of force, lethal or otherwise, is not permitted against individuals suspected of being affected by SCP-796.
Once the current affected individual is located, they are to be housed in a modified humanoid containment chamber lined with memory foam and equipped with microphones with a sensitivity of at least -35dB to confirm the continued presence of SCP-796. In addition, the subject must be inspected daily for any new wounds; a lack of new wounds may indicate a breach of containment. Wounds inflicted on the affected subject must be disinfected and treated promptly. Similarly, damage to the containment chamber as a result of SCP-796 must be repaired as soon as possible. Essential personnel are not to approach 100m of the containment chamber without prior authorisation, and contact with the affected subject is to be limited only to non-essential and D-Class personnel. In addition, at least one D-Class personnel is to reside in the 100m exclusion area at all times.
The death of the current affected individual is to be considered a possible containment breach. As such, their safety must be ensured at all times. In the case of their death, the residing D-Class personnel will be inspected for signs of SCP-796 and subsequently contained as necessary.
Update: As of 01/02/2005, SCP-796 is currently contained by Subject-796-17. As Subject-796-17 has not expired despite being affected by SCP-796 for more than six months, he is to be considered as a more permanent solution to containing SCP-796.
Subject-796-17 has so far requested the following:
Update: As of 23/03/2006, the above containment procedures are now obsolete. Subject-796-17 is to be located and captured as soon as possible. See Addendum-796-03.
Description: SCP-796 is a condition whereby an affected individual begins to perceive a large feline entity in their peripheral vision. The exact appearance of said entity has so far not been ascertained; while the majority of subjects have described it as unusually large and dark-coloured, separate accounts of its shape, exact size, and overall body structure have been inconsistent. Affected subjects will often experience a strong sense of paranoia and dread, largely assumed to be a result of the entity's constant presence. However, no hostility has ever been reported on the part of the entity. Instead, SCP-796 will result in the manifestation of the following minor and largely harmless physical phenomena:
Notably, visual hallucinations experienced by affected subjects often correspond with manifestations of SCP-796's physical effects.
All affected individuals will experience an event that will place them in acute mortal danger within a month of first experiencing SCP-796's effects. It is unknown if SCP-796 is the cause of such events, or if it is aware of and attracted to individuals who will experience such events. Affected individuals' claims that SCP-796 causes bad luck are to be disregarded, as research has shown that affected individuals do not experience statistically increased rates of misfortune or accident. All individuals affected by SCP-796 will nonetheless expire within one month. Upon the death of the current subject, SCP-796 will transfer to an individual in the immediate vicinity.
SCP-796 was first documented in the town of Bay St. Louis, Mississippi, after Marina Izquierdo, a 46-year-old homeless woman, was admitted to the local hospital for severe abdominal pain, later diagnosed as due to accidental pesticide consumption. Izquierdo appeared highly paranoid and agitated throughout her stay, and died two days later after doctors were unable to save her. An autopsy revealed numerous superficial scratches on her throat and abdominal area. Dr. Hannah Maryam, who attended to Izqueirdo, later reported visual and auditory hallucinations consistent with SCP-796. She died two weeks later when her car crashed into another vehicle en route to her home. Multiple fresh scratches from an unidentified source were discovered on the steering wheels of both vehicles. At least 27 other individuals are suspected to have been affected by SCP-796 prior to Foundation intervention and containment on 09/09/2001.
Addendum-796-01: On 27/01/2004, SCP-████ was accidentally activated while being prepared for transfer to another Site. The resultant explosion severely damaged the humanoid containment wing of Site-32 and caused 31 fatalities, one of which was Subject-796-16. It is unknown as to whom SCP-796 transferred to next due to the chaos of the mass containment breach that ensued. Subject-796-17 was only identified a year later through a routine search of psychological counseling records and was subsequently brought into Foundation custody, where he claimed to have had been under the effects of SCP-796 for six months.
Addendum-796-02: Excerpt from interview conducted with Subject-796-17 on 12/03/2005 by Dr. Nico Rei, Site-32 humanoid containment psychologist. The interview was conducted as part of a routine psychological examination of human and humanoid subjects. Superfluous dialogue has been removed for brevity.
<Begin log>
Item #: SCP-800
Object Class: Euclid
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-800 is currently contained in a 50 cm x 200 cm x 2 cm hermetically sealed glass case. Standard positive-action defenses (explosive, chemical, biological, and memetic) are to be in place at all times, according to standard operating procedure. No maintenance is necessary on SCP-800 itself, despite its apparent age, but its case is to be cleaned of dirt and dust every 6 days. No paint, ink, other writing materials, or any staining fluids are to come into contact with SCP-800 except under controlled testing conditions and with prior O5-level approval.
Description: SCP-800 is a 42 cm x 166 cm East Asian paper scroll painting of variable style and subject. Radioisotopic dating has determined that it dates from the mid-19th century. SCP-800 currently displays as an ink painting of two Korean warriors placed above one another, the upper armed with a bow and the lower armed with a saingeom-style sword. The painting style resembles 17th century Joseon dynasty art, despite SCP-800's paper scroll being more common in Japanese or Chinese painting.
According to information gained from SCP-800's previous custodians, as well as an investigation of a number of photographic records, the scene depicted on SCP-800 has been observed to spontaneously take 12 distinct forms since the beginning of the 20th century. It is theorised that SCP-800 has changed to depict symbolic representations of every major armed conflict in East Asia, as well as a number of armed conflicts in Indochina and one in Central Asia. As there is no major Asian armed conflict at the present time, currently the SCP appears to represent the tensions between the two Koreas as an important flashpoint for military action. The mechanism by which SCP-800 changes is unknown, and no changes have been recorded electronically, despite constant surveillance of SCP-800 since it entered Foundation custody in 1979.
SCP-800 has always been observed as an ink painting, usually in Japanese or Chinese style. Korean-style paintings have also been observed, including SCP-800's current appearance, as mentioned previously. The era of painting does not correspond to SCP-800's observed age, with painting styles observed from the 15th century Ming dynasty to contemporary East Asian art. Nations are commonly represented as national animals, such as a Chinese dragon, bear (presumably representing Russia), or eagle (presumably representing the United States). However, the symbolism in SCP-800 is often subtle and nations may often be represented by plants, landscapes, or people. For a detailed list of SCP-800's manifestations, see Addendum 800-1.
SCP-800 may be marked or damaged by normal means; however, any stains on the painting disappear after a number of days. The paper SCP-800 appears on may be torn, but tears in the painting likewise regenerate after some days. It is possible to alter the content of SCP-800 semi-permanently by using identical materials and painting in a similar style to that of SCP-800's current incarnation. However, after the events of Experiment 800-1, all proposed alterations to SCP-800 require O5-level approval. See Addendum 800-2 for more information.
SCP-800 was retrieved in January 1979 from an antiques shop in the city of █████, in the southeast of the Republic of Korea. The proprietor, one Mr ██-███ M███, claimed to have a 'magic' painting which altered its appearance over the years; at the time, it displayed its present appearance. It was discovered on chance by Dr. █████████, who was skeptical of its owners' claims and only wished to purchase it for personal use. However, Dr. █████████ noticed that it possessed at least some extranormal properties by accidentally staining it with ink, then noticing the stain had disappeared after a period of 2 days. Upon Foundation examination it was determined to be of no SCP-level significance and put in storage at Site-█. It attained SCP classification in mid-1979, at the beginning of the Sino-Vietnamese Border War, when it changed overnight to an 18th-century Qing Dynasty painting of a Chinese dragon flying over rice paddies (SCP-800-10). After this event, Foundation staff tracked down Mr M███ for interrogation; it was revealed the painting had been in his family since the beginning of the 20th century, when his grandfather purchased it from a merchant in Shanghai. As Mr M███ was the only known source of information on SCP-800 and its prior appearances, he was recruited as a research assistant and was SCP-800's caretaker until 2007, when he died of natural causes. Dr. Major subsequently took responsibility for SCP-800's custody.
Addendum 800-1:
Item #: SCP-804
Object Class: Keter
Special Containment Procedures: Until such time as SCP-804 is found to be without any memetic effect it is to remain in its original location at the former site of █████ █████, Alaska, where exposure to the elements prevents its reactivation. A 30m x 30m camouflage tarp is to be maintained over SCP-804 and facilities for armed guards and testing are to be maintained 130 meters from its location. Trespassers are to be treated with a Class-A amnestics and returned to the nearest town of [DATA EXPUNGED] or terminated at the discretion of on-site security. In the event of SCP-804 being approached or seized by a hostile armed force, Contingency 804-X is to be executed.
Description: SCP-804 is the remains of an art installation titled "World Without Man," revealed on ██/██/20██, by the defunct artists' group Unelmat Paremmasta Maailmasta. According to documentation retrieved and deleted from the artists' website during clean-up procedure, SCP-804 was originally a large, clear globe of the Earth, with several smaller globes and video equipment within. Promotional material on the website implied that the globe was to display images of pastoral wilderness untouched by mankind contrasted with visuals of abandoned human industry and decaying landmarks.
Upon activation before a small audience of prominent environmental activists and artists from the nearby community of █████ █████, SCP-804 began to display its destructive properties. We can only speculate if the device's output was intentional or not, as those involved in its construction perished during the incident or have gone into hiding.
While the globes within SCP-804 rotate, all man-made artifacts within approximately 100 meters begin to rapidly deteriorate until completely disintegrated. The effect applies to anything ranging from machinery to buildings, clothing, plastics, synthetic chemical compounds and any tool more complex than a sharpened stick of wood. The area of effect grows the longer the device is active, with the effect growing ever stronger at its source. Human tissue is also affected at a slower rate of decay, causing victims to become emaciated as they lose body mass—leading up to collapse of the skeleton and death, with the body swiftly breaking down into component matter shortly thereafter. Non-human life is completely unaffected. Persons who escape the area of effect experience symptoms similar to prolonged starvation but can return to full health with proper care.
If not for the fact that it is not entirely immune to its own effect, SCP-804 would have had the potential to remove all trace of humanity from the globe in a matter of weeks. Judging from the observed rate of destruction upon original activation versus its current capabilities under testing, SCP-804's capabilities have been impaired by the damage it caused to itself. However, sustained use still presents an extreme threat especially if the device is somehow refined or repaired.
Due to the circumstances in which SCP-804 was secured it is strongly believed that the device also possesses some form of mental compulsion on those who view it, but testing is still on-going to determine if that property has also been compromised by the decay of SCP-804 and how it might be contained. See Recovery Log for further information.
Recovery Log SCP-804: Approximately 5 minutes after activation, the effect of SCP-804 reached the nearby community of █████ █████. Citizens who were not at the art show initially responded with panic and made several emergency calls. Due to the extreme remote location of the town, the first response was made by a small single-prop aircraft which arrived about thirty minutes later. Although the plane entered the area of effect and was quickly lost, the pilot did relay a radio message describing the swift and complete destruction of the town's buildings. At this point, the Foundation became aware of the situation and teams of agents were sent to investigate.
By the time agents were able to arrive on scene, SCP-804 had been intermittently active for nearly eight hours and as a result the town and everything in a radius of [DATA EXPUNGED] was wiped clean of any trace of human civilization. Upon arrival, one plane was immediately affected; fortunately, the crew was able to make an emergency landing before the physical structure of the plane collapsed around them. Unfortunately, their equipment and clothing was also quickly disintegrated, exposing them to the extreme cold of northern Alaska. As a result, six agents had to be treated for hypothermia, but all are expected to return to duty with no lasting effects.
After recovering the crew of the downed plane, agents set up a perimeter and were able to observe the epicenter of SCP-804's effect. The surviving population of █████ █████ had crowded around the remains of the device. All subjects observed were severely emaciated and suffering from severe hypothermia. Exposure had only worsened the effect of SCP-804 and many subjects were observed with missing digits and even limbs. The survivors were approaching the device in teams of two to three to push at the single remaining globe within SCP-804's housing in order to maintain its effect. As each subject eventually succumbed and collapsed, another from the crowd of onlookers would shuffle forward to take their place. Survivors were seen to be cheering and encouraging those who were maintaining the device until their turn to push the frosted globe came up, although such manual operation was not sufficient to maintain even the radius of effect the device had achieved before damaging itself.
Agents were authorized by O5-█ to open fire on the crowd. Although bullets experience the same decay as any other artifact, their velocity was enough to strike lethal wounds before decomposition. When the remaining globe of SCP-804 ceased to spin, the effect ended and agents were able to move in and secure the device. Survivors attempted to resist but lacked the strength to impede Foundation agents and began to act in a disoriented manner once they were removed from SCP-804. With no adequate facilities remaining to provide shelter for them all, many survivors chose to simply lie down in the snow and die while others attempted to provoke agents into using lethal force upon them. Those who were taken into custody refused to answer any questions and were able to refuse enough care that they did not recover from their physical decay.
As exposure to the extreme elements of northern Alaska appears to adequately contain SCP-804 by freezing its remaining machinery in place, it was decided to leave the device on site and under guard along with a [DATA EXPUNGED] in the unlikely event that a hostile faction attempts to secure the device.
Addendum SCP-804 is not to be contained within any Foundation facility until it is certain that we will be able to prevent anyone from being compelled to activate or maintain the rotation of the globe. Even a few minutes of SCP-804's effect could destroy its own containment and seriously compromise any other containment nearby.
Contingency 804-X [DATA EXPUNGED]
Memetic Research Report, revised July 2011 by Dr. Johannes Sorts
Item #: SCP-806
Object Class: Safe
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-806 is to be kept sealed in Containment Locker 8 at Bio-Site-66. Researchers interested in utilizing the item are to contact Dr. Bridge for an interview.
SCP-806-1-a has been given a standard humanoid containment suite at Bio Site-66. SCP-806-1-a is permitted Level-0 clearance, if supervised by at least one (1) Level-1 personnel at all times.
SCP-806-1 may only be created upon explicit written approval by both Dr Bridge and Dr Seidelman of Site-66, or O-5 approval.
Description: SCP-806 is a large, modified film projector, originally built circa 1900. The item’s lens has been replaced with one constructed of several dozen thin layers of shaved precious stones and as of yet unidentified materials. The original projection bulb has been replaced by an LED array. Originally built for 35mm film, most inner mechanisms have been retrofitted with similar components of various complex alloys. These modifications also allow for most film sizes to be played. Additional mechanisms have been installed, allowing for multiple spools of film to be played through the item without interruption.
When active, SCP-806 creates biological material through an unknown process, which arranges itself in a manner that recreates a nude “copy” of a deceased subject in the open space before the screen, as they were at the time of the latest recording used.123
Matter produced through this effect appears to first manifest as needle-thin rays of light projected from the lens. It creates no shadow or effect on the films being played, and appears to become biological matter at the point that it touches the forming human subject.
“Copies” created this way are henceforth SCP-806-1. In order to produce SCP-806-1, film reels containing recordings of the deceased must be projected onto a silver lenticular cinema screen. Between 13 and 27 hours of recording is required to recreate the subject. At least one individual must be viewing the film through the duration of the phenomenon, or formation will cease and gradually reverse.
If the projector is shut down, the instance of SCP-806-1 will fail, usually dissolving into a mixture of blood and graphite dust.4
Finalized instances of SCP-806-1 lack any colour pigment, as if in monochrome. This effect is independent of the colorization of the original source material. Tissue removed from instances will gradually gain colour pigment through unknown processes, but decay unusually rapidly and do not survive transplantation.
Complete instances of SCP-806-1 usually retain most memories of their past life, and initially will believe that they are the original individual. All instances save for SCP-806-1-a die of cardiac arrest between 70 and 75 hours after final formation. Use of SCP-806 as a means of investigating film based anomalies is pending review.
806-1-a and Discovery: SCP-806-1-a is the first known subject recreated through SCP-806, and the only still-surviving individual. 806-a is a young woman of indeterminate heritage appearing in her early 20s, apparently born in the early to mid 20th century. For an as of yet unknown reason, SCP-806-1-a appears to be afflicted by a form of dissociative amnesia which prevents her from recalling any personal information regarding her original life, including her own name. No records have yet been found regarding a person of 806-1-a's appearance or general timeline.
806-1-a was recovered alongside SCP-806 during its initial recovery. Agent Fishe, embedded in the local police force, was investigating a call that youths had broken into a local theatre which had been closed for holidays. There the agent encountered an unknown male angrily shouting while attempting to gather up SCP-806 and other paraphernalia, and 806-1-a in a state of confusion and distress. The unknown male escaped Agent Fishe and civilian personnel.
MTF Alpha-4 (“Pony Express”) was called to recover SCP-806, SCP-806-1-a, and approximately 50 hours of various types of film.
The film contained 5.8 seconds of SCP-806-a laughing and saying “I love you”, repeating in various states of quality and colouration.
« SCP-805 | SCP-806 | SCP-807 »
Item #: SCP-807
Object Class: Euclid
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-807 is to be kept in a locked safe deposit box at Site 19's High Value Item Storage Facility. Standard positive-action defenses (explosive, chemical, biological, and memetic) are to be in place at all times, according to standard operating procedure.
SCP-807 may be removed from its storage container with proper authorization for experimentation. All personnel working around SCP-807 must be well-fed, and should wear oral restraints to prevent accidental ingestion.
Description: SCP-807 is a salmon-colored ceramic dinner plate 20 cm in diameter with the words "Last Chance Diner" printed on the edges in white. A small piece has been chipped out of one edge of the plate, just above the letter D. There are no manufacturer's marks, and to date, all efforts to find the restaurant in question have failed.
SCP-807 transmutes any food served upon it into a variation of its original form with high concentrations of fat, sodium, and cholesterol. Once transmuted, the food in question is enhanced in flavor and aroma to preternatural levels, to the point where the desire to consume said food becomes nearly irresistible. Anyone who does consume said food, however, will undergo cardiac arrest within five minutes of finishing their meal, due to sudden and massive fatty buildup in the major arteries. In some cases, immediate bypass surgery has been shown to be effective in saving the life of a subject.
Addendum 807-A: Recorded Transmutations
Item #: SCP-811
Object Class: Euclid
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-811 should be kept in a climate-controlled, cylindrical glass enclosure, between ten (10) and twenty (20) (inclusive) metres in diameter, filled to a depth of no less than two and a half (2.5) metres on average with wetland soil and stagnant fresh water. It is to be furnished with a variety of aquatic plants from its native swamp in █████, as the remaining vegetation there has exhibited the adaptation to regrow quickly from injuries endured during contact with SCP-811 as long as the roots are undamaged. Logs of manageable size and additional humus-rich soil may be provided for good behavior.
Water depth is not to exceed half a metre (0.5) at its lowest point. Height of the enclosure must be no less than five (5) metres above the highest soil point. Temperature is to be kept at 25°C, and humidity should be kept above 70%. There is to be a decontamination airlock chamber between the door into the enclosure and the door into the rest of the facility. Air that is ventilated into the enclosure should not be recirculated back into the rest of the facility under any circumstances. The methane resulting from SCP-811's normal interaction with its environment is not anomalous and may be bottled for use as fuel. No heated elements or open flames are permitted inside the enclosure.
The enclosure must be tested daily for pH and microbe levels in both the soil and water, as well as for changes in chemical composition. Enclosure should be cleaned biweekly, preferably by D-class personnel. All discarded waste should be put in quarantine for analysis before disposal by standard biohazard protocol.
Subject is to be given at least five (5) kg of live food 24 hours after its completion of its previous meal. Subject is not averse to preying on humans, and it is recommended that personnel not enter the enclosure if SCP-811 has not fed in over 16 hours.
No invasive medical procedure may be performed on SCP-811 outside of emergency situations in which such a procedure is required to save the subject's life. Minimally invasive procedures require review and unanimous approval by SCP-811's assigned medical team and the current project head. See Document 811-b for a list of substances that may be administered as medication to SCP-811.
All requests by the subject are to be reviewed by both an overseeing animal enrichment specialist and at least one Level 3 personnel before approval, and the review should not take more than 48 hours, unless exceptional circumstances dictate otherwise.
While SCP-811 is not generally aggressive unless it feels hungry or threatened, all handling personnel are to be cautioned that it is still an opportunistic ambush predator, and safety precautions must still be taken to avoid possible injury or infection. All personnel entering the enclosure must wear full-body, non-organic biohazard suits and breath masks, and must be in groups of at least two. No personnel are to enter the enclosure if they have open wounds or sores anywhere on their body. Those suffering from asthma or other respiratory-affecting conditions are prohibited from entering the enclosure without a signed note from a physician with Level 4 security clearance.
As far as research indicates, SCP-811 cannot cause serious injury to anyone properly wearing their biohazard suit. Anyone who removes any part of their biohazard suit while still in the enclosure, for any reason at all, will be subject to disciplinary action, up to and including reassignment to a project that would not be adversely affected by their status as an amputee.
Description: SCP-811 is shaped similarly to a human female with disproportionally long and thin limbs and a slightly-bloated abdominal region. It is 171 cm tall, and weighs just under 47 kg due to its strange physiology (see Addendum 811-2 for details). Its skin has slight abrasive properties, and is a mottled green color that serves to camouflage it among the reeds in its natural habitat. Its sweat has been observed to act as a mild skin irritant. It has extremely oily black hair that has proven to be resistant to cleaning with conventional shampoos (See Addendum 811-1). It shows partial comprehension of human language, consistent with case studies of "feral children" that had been abandoned at a few years old, instead of as infants.
The palmoplantar surfaces of SCP-811's skin constantly secrete a clear, green-tinted mucus with minor adhesive properties. This mucus does not appear to have any effect on SCP-811's own tissue, but any other organic matter that it comes into contact with begins to rapidly decompose, through processes not fully understood, reducing the matter into a slightly viscous black liquid.1 SCP-811 can then absorb said liquid through its skin and directly into its circulatory system. Tests have shown that SCP-811's entire circulatory system is filled with liquefied decaying matter. Biopsies taken from SCP-811 have shown the presence of anaerobic bacteria in all examined cells, which, due to the apparent lack of anything resembling functional red blood cells in the subject, are currently presumed to be what SCP-811 uses to metabolise the chemicals in its circulatory system.
SCP-811 does not defecate or otherwise produce feces in the traditional sense, and entirely lacks a small or large intestine. Instead, cellular waste and substances SCP-811 is unable to metabolise collect in what is, anatomically speaking, its stomach. Within the stomach, enzymes and bacterial flora cause it to congeal into a grainy, tar-like substance that SCP-811 periodically voids by voluntary projectile regurgitation, a mechanism which it uses to hunt. It preferentially aims at the face or at any perceived open wounds on its target, then waits for the target to die of either immediate asphyxiation by blockage of the mouth and nose, or in a few days of multi-systemic failure resulting from aggressive bacterial infection. SCP-811's teeth did not seem to have any abnormal resistance to decay resulting from chronic exposure to the compounds and microflora in its waste (See Addendum 811-1).
Prognosis for personnel who have had contact with SCP-811's waste through a mucous membrane or open wound is good if broad-spectrum antibiotic therapy is begun in the first three hours, but then rapidly declines. Personnel who are D-Class or have gone 12 hours without getting treatment may request termination.
Addendum 811-1: To date, SCP-811 has requested:
Addendum 811-2: Due to the fact that SCP-811 has lungs and teeth — despite having no apparent use for either — it was brought to Bio-Research Area-12's radiology lab for X-rays, to examine its internal structure. Results were inconclusive.
Subsequent MRI testing has revealed that SCP-811 has a number of unusual glands and organs attached to its lymphatic system, which may assist in regulation of the viscosity and microbial flora of the material in its circulatory system. One such organ in the abdominal region appears to contain lighter-than-air gas. The possibility that SCP-811 was once [REDACTED] is being explored.
Due to the impossibility of maintaining a sterile operating environment, limited understanding of SCP-811's biology, and difficulty in calculating the subject's mass, the risk of major complications or subject death has been deemed too high to authorise exploratory surgery.
Interview Log 811-16
Item #: SCP-814
Object Class: Euclid
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-814-1 is to be kept in a sprung, evacuated anechoic chamber within the Quiet Area of a Type IV acoustic containment facility. SCP-814-2 is to be stored in a climate-controlled locker outside the facility's Quiet Area. As its mechanisms are very fragile, SCP-814-1 is not to be accessed under any circumstances without the authorization of its Senior Researcher or HMCL. In the event of a Site emergency, SCP-814 is to be remotely destroyed.
Description: SCP-814-1 is an ornate mahogany enclosure housing an antique wax-cylinder type phonograph (c. 1900 CE) of unique design. The internal mechanism, which is completely functional, is capable of holding up to four music cylinders; notably, it is capable of the replay of multiple cylinders simultaneously. The manufacturer's mark "SYNCOPE" is etched on several of the phonograph's components.
SCP-814-2 is a set of four phonograph cylinders recovered from SCP-814-1's four cylinder slots. These cylinders are of approximately the same age as SCP-814-1, albeit made of hardened steel rather than wax. Each cylinder has the phrase "PURE TONE" engraved on each end, followed by a number indicating the frequency, in Hz, of a sine-wave tone produced by playing the cylinder.1 The cylinders' audio grooves are engraved with extreme precision; even under confocal microscopy, the grooves show no apparent deviation from the pattern required to produce a pure tone of precisely the given frequency.
When SCP-814-2 cylinders are played via SCP-814-1, the sine-wave tones produced are anomalously free of distortion. Even considering the nature of the cylinder grooves, such tones are exact to a degree theoretically impossible given the nature of the phonograph. Recordings of the tones show no deviations from a purely sinusoidal waveform other than those attributable to the recording equipment; when digital recorders are directly connected to SCP-814-1, the resultant tones are sinusoidal to within the quantization error of the equipment used.2 The cylinders can be played individually or in groups, the latter producing various dyad, triad or tetrad octave harmonies.
Humans exposed to the tones produced when SCP-814-2 is played via SCP-814-1 describe subtle but pervasive feelings of harmony, correctness and well-being. This experience is moderately addictive; as such, human experimentation with SCP-814 is to be limited. Subjects exposed to playback of SCP-814-2 via any other cylinder phonograph report no such experiences.
Use of SCP-814-1 to play any audio source other than SCP-814-2 results in massive distortions of local spacetime.
These properties were discovered during Recovery Test Series A. During these tests, human subjects that had been exposed to the output of the SCP-814-1/2 combination became insistent on trying new audio cylinders. A subsequent transient effect — initially thought to be a monitoring glitch, but now thought to have been caused by vigorous removal of audio cylinders while SCP-814-1 was still engaged — resulted in the deaths of all personnel within the test chamber.
After extensive experimentation3, the following general theory of the object's operation has been proposed:
The playback of any tone, or tones, that are not a precise multiple or factor of 440Hz results in space or time distortions. The extent and severity of these distortions depends on the amplitude of the cylinder grooves, the setting of SCP-814-1's Volume lever, and the degree to which the pitch, or pitches, in the source are not precisely in-tune with an idealized 440Hz reference.
Even reference cylinders of a similar type to SCP-814-2 result in noticeable spacetime distortions when played; observers describe a multidirectional "pulsating" effect and a perceived distortion of time similar to that induced by certain hallucinogens. Any other type of cylinder — including conventional music cylinders — induces drastic distortions of localized spacetime when played through SCP-814-1. Only SCP-814-2 has been found to produce tones close enough to the idealized reference to prevent such effects. It has been theorized that the SCP-814-1/2 combination's known effect on human subjects is actually a second-order result of its effect on local spacetime.
Experimentation to discover the full range of SCP-814-1's effects is ongoing.
Addendum: After Incident 814-BREAKGLASS, in which unauthorized recordings were placed in three of the four slots and the Volume setting was set to 6/10, experimentation with SCP-814-1 is suspended indefinitely.
« SCP-813 | SCP-814 | SCP-815 »
Item #: SCP-818
Object Class: Neutralized (Previously Keter)
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-818 was confined in a circular area of no less than four meters across, with no object directly obscuring the walls. SCP-818's containment area contained: one (1) sleeping mattress, one (1) table, and one (1) light fixture, fitted with high wattage fluorescent light bulbs. SCP-818's cell was not, under any circumstances, rearranged, nor was the light turned off. Personnel were not permitted in SCP-818's holding cell, nor any area within an additional ten meters around the cell's perimeter, during its active times (from exactly 8:43 A.M. to 9:21 P.M). Personnel exposed to SCP-818's area of effect during its active time were reclassified to Class D and enrolled in SCP-818's test group.
The following document, attributed to the original project head Dr. █████ (19██ to 199█), was considered the major directive of the project for eight years and was given to each new member of the research staff. It is retained here for archival purposes:
It should be noted that SCP-818 is a creature of precise habits. It will follow a specific script [See Attached File SCP-818-Script], without fail each day, to the letter. Built into this model are the times of deviation during which SCP-818 must be closely monitored. It should go without saying that failure to note ANY AND ALL additional deviations could be disastrous.
Description: SCP-818 is a young male, appearing to be approximately seven to twelve years of age. Additionally, SCP-818 displays all the signs of severe autism. The examinations of on-site behaviorists and recovered medical records show that this condition has been present for SCP-818's entire life. SCP-818's physical features have a tendency to shift when active; however, during a resting state, it has been noted as having black hair and dark skin. SCP-818 cannot speak and possesses no known direct ability to communicate. SCP-818 has shown no need for nutrition or waste removal, but it has been recorded breathing and, presumably, sleeping. SCP-818 does not appear to age, and has been known to shift between heights (ranging from 1.17 to 1.84 meters) and weights (65 to 80 kilograms), making any determination impossible. This, coupled with the incomplete state of the recovered medical records, leaves much of SCP-818's history blank.
SCP-818 is potentially capable of changing the universe on a fundamental level, but its abilities are severely hampered by its disability. The changes it makes are presumably an attempt to make the world conform to how it perceives things: pigmentation in all objects has a tendency to shift and flow, utensils and tools take on strange shapes, and sounds will emanate from no discernible source. These effects have demonstrated a range of approximately ten meters.
SCP-818 has also shown the ability to spontaneously generate matter. Nebulous objects have been noted to appear, particularly after sessions in which SCP-818 has been doing a creative activity, such as coloring or finger painting [See EXPERIMENT LOG 818-1]. Most of these objects remain for less than a few minutes before vanishing again, though some have been recorded as staying for several hours. Because of this, SCP-818's holding cell has been gradually stripped of all materials that may be used for these purposes. None of the created objects move further than SCP-818's line of sight, leading to Dr. ████████'s hypothesis that SCP-818 is literally creating phosphenes, possibly caused by the contrast of the colors from the arts and crafts and the white walls of its cell. Further testing is required to determine if this is true.
SCP-818 was recovered from what is believed to have been its grandparents' home in rural ███████████, where it had apparently been left since their deaths in 19██ from a presumably unrelated accident. One local banker and two real estate agents were assessing the property when they encountered SCP-818; their failure to return prompted local police to investigate. After █ subsequent disappearances, the Foundation was alerted, and Special Task Force ██████ was reported to investigate. Upon their arrival, [DATA REDACTED]. Subsequently, Dr. ████ suggested that [DATA REDACTED], leading to SCP-818's capture.
Addendum SCP-818-T
Item #: SCP-819
Object Class: Safe
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-819 is currently housed in a secured locker in Site-19. Permission from Dr. Dreyn is required to access items SCP-819-A through F.
Description: SCP-819 was discovered in a pediatric office in ███████, ███████, after several reports of children being rushed back with symptoms including vision loss, severe nasal pain, and idiopathic unconsciousness. Agents dispatched found that the lollipops offered to the children were causing different bodily fluids to disappear. The candy in question was confiscated, and the office staff, affected patients and their guardians were treated and administered Class-A amnestics.
SCP-819 refers to the contents of a large box of seemingly normal lollipops produced by [REDACTED]. It appears only the one package recovered is exhibiting these anomalies. SCP-819 consists of six flavors of lollipops, individually wrapped and on looped safety sticks, classified as SCP-819-A to F. Current total of items SCP-819-A through F is ███, with ██ having been used for testing. Physically and chemically, these items appear normal, and can be destroyed and consumed like any other lollipop. Fragments of the lollipops retain the effects. The flavors are mundane as lollipops go, reportedly tasting the same as unaffected lollipops of the same brand. Experimental testing found that each flavor affects a different bodily fluid.
The affected fluid is only drained while the lollipop is actively consumed, and levels return to normal per typical generation by the body, assuming the mechanism for generation was not damaged during the loss of fluid. There is no compulsion to eat the lollipops, nor a compulsion to stop once all fluid is drained, assuming the body can survive without.
During testing, the only colors that produced fatalities directly from consumption were Red and Purple. It appears that the rate of loss is a consistent volume and not based on the total volume present in the body, as evidenced by the difference in times between fatalities in SCP-819-A and SCP-819-F. Where the fluids are displaced is yet unknown. Further testing will be performed as methods to trace this phenomenon develop.
Cross research with SCP-466 indicates that fluids may be transferring into random people in various areas. See Experiment Log 819-466 for additional details. Research and requests unrelated to finding the means or system through which these fluids are transferred are on indefinite hold. Recommending reassignment to Euclid pending these findings.
O5-8 - Reclassification denied. Item and its effects are still under control with containment.
Further research may include monitoring hospital and medical records for people showing the following symptoms after consumption of the noted lollipop.
Experiment Logs:
Item #: SCP-821
Object Class: Safe Neutralized
Special Containment Procedures: The area SCP-821 is located in has been purchased by the Foundation, with a standard containment warehouse constructed around it, designated Containment Outpost 821. Daily inspections of SCP-821's exterior structure are to be performed by security personnel, with any significant changes being reported to the containment supervisor. No personnel are to enter SCP-821 due to its structural instability.
Description: SCP-821 is a structure located within the former town of Esheville, FL. Records recovered from the local government indicate it was constructed sometime between 1955-1957. The interior is in a permanent state of degradation, with all attempts at maintenance or restoration being unsuccessful.
SCP-821's interior contains a varying number of devices intended for children, such as a carousel, a stage with a set of 4 animatronic figures, and a variety of midway games. There are also a number of kiosks which sold food and souvenirs when SCP-821 was active. During initial containment, these devices were fully functional. Maintenance was performed by humanoids within SCP-821, formerly known as SCP-821-1, who also operated the devices within SCP-821. Instances of SCP-821-1 were humanoid automatons composed of painted copper. Devices contained within SCP-821 displayed anomalous properties when they functioned, including:
The animatronic band was composed of four machines, each playing a different instrument. Once per hour, they would play a set of popular songs from 1957-1960. When not playing, these animatronics could communicate with subjects observing them, and were capable of conducting basic conversation. Notably, vocalizations produced in this manner were shown to be unique, with logs compiled between 1959-1961 showing that no conversation had been repeated.
However, following Incident SCP-821-A, all instances of SCP-821-1 were apparently destroyed or otherwise removed, and SCP-821 began to exhibit rapid structural deterioration. The devices contained within SCP-821 began to function erratically, showing much more dangerous properties than had previously been observed. In addition, SCP-821 itself is no longer safe to enter due to its structural damage. Alterations to devices include portions of the carousel and animatronic band becoming aggressive, striking and biting any subjects that approached them. Notably, portions of SCP-821 capable of speech were highly apologetic, offering to assist the subject that had been injured. Currently, no components of SCP-821 capable of producing speech are functional.
Addendum: Incident 821-A.
On 4/11/1989, personnel attempting to enter SCP-821 found that the entrance had been sealed off, and a note labeled "OUT OF BUSINESS" affixed to the door. Investigation into SCP-821's interior showed that no instances of SCP-821-1 could be located. In the center of the main floor, a letter was found. The text of the letter has been included in this report. As of 5/16/1999, SCP-821 has been designated as neutralized.
Hello my friends. This is a day we have all been dreading, and I am sad to be the one who has to break the news. You've all known for awhile that Funland has been having troubled times for a very long while, and although times were tough, we always managed to pull through. But we can't do it anymore. I've seen the parks and attractions that come from the huge amusement companies, and we just can't compete. The children just aren't interested in old places like this. The skee-ball, Big Bertha's show plaza, the carousel… they just don't care. They're bored by it. The world has moved on.
I know that each of you has put a lifetime into making Funland a success, and that's the hardest thing for me. Each of you will receive a generous severance package, followed by a pass to return to your home. Thank you for your service.
Mr. Funland
« SCP-820 | SCP-821 | SCP-822 »
Item #: SCP-827
Object Class: Safe
Special Containment Procedures: Site 827 has been established at the location of SCP-827's discovery. For the purposes of the Foundation, SCP-827 has been outfitted with a specialized cell reactor that allows for introduction of samples and removal of their products. Personnel actively interacting with SCP-827 are to wear full Level-C or higher Hazmat gear.
Samples introduced into SCP-827 require approval of project director. Samples from only one individual at a time are to be introduced to ensure there is no genetic cross-contamination. All samples are to be screened for genetic chimerism. In the event that more than one distinct genetic sample is introduced to SCP-827, the sample is to be removed using procedure 827-Hari and incinerated.
Tissue from the central nervous system is not to be used in SCP-827 tests following Incident 827-██.
Description: SCP-827 is a semi-solid mass of biologically active human stem cells. SCP-827 is capable of self-renewal and is totipotent, with cells replacing themselves at a rate of approximately 200,000 cycles of mitosis per day, with roughly the same amount dying off per day; at time of writing, SCP-827's mass is currently 353kg, and remains stable.
When a sample of human organ tissue is introduced to SCP-827's mass, it is broken down and assimilated into the mass using a unique enzyme. Following this, SCP-827's cells will enter an active state and will begin to generate copies of the organs from which the tissue originated. These organs, designated SCP-827-A, differ from their original purpose in drastic ways; introduction of muscular tissue, for example, has resulted in full muscular systems developing and attempting to escape SCP-827, while introduction of a human jaw has resulted in what was termed a "broken-tooth tree", a plant-like structure with a trunk of muscular tissue with branches made from malformed jaws. Assuming that SCP-827-A instances are remaining and still in contact after a period of approximately 2-3 days, the instances will be digested and re-assimilated into SCP-827's mass.
SCP-827 is only capable of assimilating human tissues. Attempts to introduce non-human tissues, including hair from lower primates and bone samples of extinct humanoids, has resulted in a deterioration of health in SCP-827. Furthermore, all liquid samples are rejected by SCP-827.
Addendum: Sample Log
Item #: SCP-828
Object Class: Euclid
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-828-1 is to be housed in the Site-641 marine mammal rehabilitation center located 10 kilometers inland from the coastline of Somerset Island, in the Canadian Arctic Archipelago. It is to be kept in regular contact with site personnel and interviewed regularly by the on-site psychologist. To facilitate this, SCP-828-1 has been granted limited mobility. It is to be surveilled via a GPS-enabled ankle monitoring system. If SCP-828-1 approaches within 5 kilometers of the ocean it is to be intercepted by onsite security personnel and returned to containment. Following review by the Site Director, SCP-828-1 may be placed in restrictive housing. SCP-828-1 is not to come in contact with any prepubescent human subjects. If this occurs, SCP-828-1 will be mandatorily placed in restrictive housing and an independent investigation of Foundation personnel will follow.1 SCP-828-1 is to be fed with fish or small whales native to the region2. Only while in a controlled, experimental environment may SCP-828-1 come in contact with SCP-828-2.
SCP-828-2 is contained in the Site-641 reliquary located at the Cunningham Inlet Facility. It is to be inspected bi-weekly for deterioration. A textile restoration technician is to inspect SCP-828-2 bi-monthly for degradation. Repairs will be conducted with the assistance of the on-site, classically trained, Inuit shaman.
Description: SCP-828-1 is a humanoid organism that stands 1.4 meters tall with white, pupilless eyes and long "hair" composed of kelp-like unbranched stipes of Alaria esculenta3. The subject's skin resembles that of fish of the Myoxophalus4 genus. SCP-828-1 is amphibious but cannot remain out of water for more than 10 minutes without suffering from dehydration. The subject's hands and feet are webbed to facilitate swimming. Medical examination of the "hair" has revealed that it is permeated by extensive vasculature indicating that the organ is used for gas exchange. The subject's body appears emaciated, but the subject has yet to request food. If offered food SCP-828-1 will consume it "to be polite", but it is unclear if the subject requires regular feeding. The subject was found with severe tooth decay, and has been provided with dentures and dental care after containment. When out of water, the subject's skin emits an odor that has been unanimously described as pleasant by all prepubescent human subjects. Importantly, children have described the scent as comforting and "maternal" during interviews. Analysis of the subject's skin secretions has revealed the presence of a volatile organic substance which may act as a pheromone. It is hypothesized that this compound may aid the subject in its efforts to befriend children. Research into the mechanism of action is ongoing.
SCP-828-1 has been extraordinarily cooperative with Foundation personnel during containment. Psychological analysis reveals that SCP-828-1 exhibits symptoms of post-traumatic stress disorder, including intrusive recurrent recall, insomnia, and hypervigilance. Paradoxically, these symptoms are exacerbated by exposure to the sea, images of the sea, marine mammals, and images of marine mammals. SCP-828-1 also exhibits signs of traumatic bonding to the Foundation and individuals associated with the Foundation. It is the recommendation of the psychological staff that this bond be exploited for the purpose of containment and study.
SCP-828-2 is a heavily water-damaged amauti5 that SCP-828-1 was wearing prior to containment. The garment is made of materials traditionally associated with Inuit clothing, seal fur, caribou hide and thick, woolen duffel. When SCP-828-1 places a child into the carrying pouch of the garment, the child is unaffected by cold temperatures or hyperbaric ambient pressure and does not need to breathe. The child remains conscious and aware while contained in SCP-828-2.
Recovery: SCP-828 was recovered from Pangnirtung, Canada when a missing child, Nathan Qappik — thought to have been lost in a sudden storm — was discovered by fishermen on the abandoned island of Iglunga. The following interview was conducted by local representatives of the Royal Canadian Mounted Police.
Interviewed: Nathan Qappik
Interviewer: Corporal Filigree
Foreword: The following interview was conducted after child's recovery. It has been translated from Inuktitut. Original transcript available on request.
<Begin Log>
Item #: SCP-829
Object Class: Safe
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-829 is to be stored in a secured room at Sector-19, in a standard nail polish bottle that is kept locked in a transparent Level-2 Security container. This room must be guarded by at least two Level-2 Security personnel at all times. Security personnel and a spare bottle will accompany SCP-829 whenever it is removed from its containment room.
All personnel must undergo psychological examinations before they are allowed to interact with subjects of SCP-829. Any persons who show signs of excessively compliant behavior must immediately be removed from the presence of subjects of SCP-829.
Note: SCP-829 appears to be equally effective on both males and females. For clarity, this document will assume that the subject of SCP-829 is female.
Description: SCP-829 is a volume of nail polish, typically 3 to 10 cc in size, composed primarily of ██████ █████████ brand nail polish, but also variable amounts of water, human blood (from multiple individuals), and small amounts of a large number of organic compounds (for a complete list of compounds detected in SCP-829, see Document 829-CM). SCP-829 is able to generate more of itself by absorbing water vapor from surrounding air, and by “drinking” human blood dripped into its bottle. If neither water vapor nor blood is available, SCP-829 becomes dormant, and does not appear to exhibit negative effects from extended dormancy. To date, researchers do not know how SCP-829 can utilize so much water and still maintain its properties as a nail polish.
When applied to a human subject’s fingernails, SCP-829 affects the subject in several different ways, depending on how much blood SCP-829 has received recently:
Subjects affected by SCP-829 follow the same general pattern of behavior: on initial application, the subject will invariably prick herself and “feed” a bit of her blood to SCP-829. Once SCP-829 has been reapplied, the subject will initiate a sexual relationship with another person (the “target”). As the relationship develops, the subject will introduce bondage and domination into the relationship, with herself in the dominant role. The subject will also start to scratch the target with her fingernails and draw blood, some of which the subject feeds to SCP-829. The target generally derives pleasure from these scratches.
After a variable length of time (most often six to twelve weeks), the subject will restrain the target to a wall or table. The encounter will begin as usual, but the subject will use her fingernails to slowly and systematically eviscerate the target, while trying to keep the target alive as long as possible. The target will initially continue to derive pleasure from the touch of the subject’s fingernails, until the pain and trauma inflicted by the subject on the target overwhelms the pleasure the target has derived from the encounter. The subject will collect a large amount of the target’s blood in SCP-829’s bottle, often more than should fit. Shortly after the target expires, the subject will start the cycle anew, although the effects of SCP-829 will already be quite strong, making the next relationship much easier to initiate.
Once SCP-829 has received sufficient blood from enough different targets, the subject will introduce SCP-829 to her current sexual partner and attempt to apply SCP-829 to the target’s fingernails. Willing targets become affected by SCP-829 just as the original subject; unwilling targets [DATA EXPUNGED]. Both subjects will together continue the flirtation-to-evisceration cycle, seducing some targets individually and others together. As progressively more blood is given to SCP-829, the subjects will periodically recruit more targets as new subjects for SCP-829. However, if SCP-829 is not fed enough blood, then one subject (usually the newest recruit) will become a standard target, whom the remaining subject(s) will then restrain and disembowel.
For more information, see Case Study 829-CS01.
Addendum 1, ██/██/19██: Dr. ████████ was brought in to assist researching Subject 829-14, a 28-year-old Asian-American female. During their initial interview, the subject brushed her fingernails across Dr. ████████'s skin, eliciting an expected response. Approximately three hours later, both were apprehended when Dr. ████████ was helping the subject escape Sector-19. Dr. ████████ described a strong compulsion to do what the subject asked of him when touched by her fingernails. This compulsion faded after around 48 hours. The subject was terminated as normal.
Addendum 2, ██/██/19██: Due to recent incidents, experimentation of SCP-829 on animals requires Level 4 authorization. Experimentation on any member of the following taxonomic orders requires O5 authorization: Carnivora, Chiroptera, Crocodilia, Falconiformes, Piciformes, Primates (excepting humans), Proboscidea, Strigiformes, and Struthioniformes.
« SCP-828 | SCP-829 | SCP-830 »
Item #: SCP-831
Object Class: Euclid
SCP-831
Item #: SCP-838
Object Class: Safe
Special Containment Procedures: To prevent SCP-838 from affecting civilians, Foundation agents are to be placed on the staff in charge of managing the classified ad section at major newspapers in the Chicago area. Alternatively, the cooperation of the newspaper may be obtained for similar purposes. No ads matching a form taken by SCP-838 are to be printed.
Description: SCP-838 is the collective term for a series of job ads appearing in newspapers that print in the vicinity of Chicago, and whatever agency is behind them. The job offered varies between instances, and has included positions in accounting, management, and janitorial work, among others. These ads are entirely mundane unless responded to. Attempts to trace these classifieds have proven unsuccessful.
The next time a person who has responded to SCP-838 falls asleep, he or she immediately enters REM sleep. Upon awakening, the affected individuals report experiencing extremely vivid dreams of having had a job interview for the advertised job, in a large windowless office building at a company called Pellus, Inc. Subjects deemed qualified are offered a job. Anyone hired by Pellus, Inc. is to be considered part of SCP-838-1. Those not offered jobs are unaffected.
When members of SCP-838-1 sleep during the week, they report vivid dreams of working in what is believed to be the same building that the interview took place in. In these dreams, the workforce of Pellus seems to consist entirely of persons who have responded to SCP-838. Testing has shown that communication while asleep between members of SCP-838-1 is possible, indicating some degree of connectedness between the dreams.
During the weekend, members of SCP-838-1 experience good dreams. Though the exact nature of these dreams varies greatly between individuals, they are universally reported to be highly enjoyable. This effect appears to be "payment" for the work done during the week, as persons with higher ranking positions generally seem to report better dreams than those in lower ranking ones.
A "workday" for a member of SCP-838-1 seems to be 8 hours, with sleep beyond this point being normal. Consequently, if prevented from sleeping for 8 hours in a day for an extended period of time, a member of SCP-838-1 may be "fired". Affected individuals may be fired for poor performance as well. Fired members of SCP-838-1 only report dreams of being homeless.
Interview 838-5:
Item #: SCP-841
Object Class: Safe
Containment Procedures: The 14 (fourteen) component parts of SCP-841 are to be individually wrapped in plastic, and contained in a standard inanimate-object storage locker. Except for purposes of approved experimentation, SCP-841 is not to be reassembled. Reassembly of SCP-841 is only to be performed by remote manipulators, or by D-class personnel. Except for purposes of approved experimentation, SCP-841 must never come in contact with the skin of a living human.
SCP-841's twine component is not anomalous, and can be replaced as necessary; consequently, all experimentation using SCP-841 is to be concluded by using a low-level infrared laser (808 nm, 300 mW) to slice through the twine component.
Description: SCP-841 is a wooden puppet crudely approximating a human being: 14 (fourteen) pieces of peeled and unworked wood from the mountain white birch (Betula cordifolia), held together with twine at the major joints (head, torso, upper arms, lower arms, hands, thighs, lower legs, and feet). SCP-841's anomalous properties activate when it is fully assembled and comes in contact with the skin of a living human being.
Upon being grasped or manipulated by a human, SCP-841 will "imprint" upon the human, bending into a configuration which mirrors the human's position as closely as possible. SCP-841 and the subject will then mirror each other's movement, and any force applied to the figure while active will override the subject's own joints to continue mimicking SCP-841. The resulting feedback loop may result in serious injuries or death due to overextension or broken bones. The effect of SCP-841 diminishes quickly upon release, fading entirely within two seconds.
Test Logs
Item #: SCP-844
Object Class: Euclid
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-844 is currently contained at Site ██. SCP-844 is to be contained in a well-lit chamber measuring 6m x 6m and provided with one (1) bovine each month in accordance with Nutrition Chart 844-1. Each month, SCP-844 is to be reduced in size by two (2) D-class personnel using shears.
Any personnel entering SCP-844's containment chamber must wear a protective suit in order to prevent injury or death.
Description: SCP-844 is an amorphic mass composed primarily of human bones, large amounts of dust and a form of luminescent fungus which is red in color. SCP-844 appears to prefer to dwell in dark, warm areas with minimal human presence when it is not hunting or feeding.
SCP-844 is predatory and highly mobile, having demonstrated the ability to hide from assailants by moving across walls and ceilings. It has a particular method of hunting involving lure tactics, which it has abstained from using since arriving in Foundation custody, although on arrival it did attempt to use provided bovine to lure researchers nearby.
When hunting, SCP-844 will firstly attempt to lure a human target, usually between the ages of six to twelve, into a fairly secluded area. SCP-844 accomplishes this by leaving a trail of red, viscous liquid when hunting, which quickly coagulates into a semi-solid edible mass. The area the victim is lured to is usually an easily accessible location that experiences minimal traffic.
Once there, SCP-844 will settle itself into a poorly-lit area and using a number of hooked barbs stored within its main mass, secure the victim into place.
SCP-844 will then use a variety of physical methods to incite the victim into vocalizing distress. This is primarily realized through the use of the sharpened bones that make up a section of its mass. During this process, SCP-844 takes great care to ensure that the wounds inflicted are non-fatal, so that this victim can be re-used for further hunting.
Typically, an individual will approach and investigate the vocalizations, at which point SCP-844 will attack. This attack is usually swift and painless, as SCP-844 aims for the neck and head of the victim at this time. SCP-844 will then extract and absorb the bones of the victims into itself.
During its containment, SCP-844 has been observed to rest on the ceiling of its cell, attempt to damage lights illuminating its containment chamber and to sharpen bones incorporated into itself on the chambers walls.
« SCP-843 | SCP-844 | SCP-845 »
Item #: SCP-846
Object Class: Safe
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-846 is to be contained in a reinforced steel safe, located in Storage Unit █ at Site ██. SCP-846's containment area is to be guarded by three (3) security personnel at all times. Any unauthorized personnel attempting to access SCP-846 are to be taken into custody and interrogated by on-site security.
Activation of SCP-846 must be authorized by at least three (3) Level 4 personnel. Any testing of SCP-846 is to take place at an on-site firing range.
Description: SCP-846 is a plastic toy robot measuring twenty (20) centimeters in height and five (5) centimeters in width. The bottom of SCP-846's right foot bears the text 'Robo-Dude® (Now with Voice Command Action), by Dr. Wondertainment!' Signs of paint chipping and minor damage to SCP-846 indicate that it is roughly ten (10) years old, although attempts to question SCP-846 on this have been ignored. (See Interview 846-1)
SCP-846 is operated using a small 'controller' featuring an 'On/Off' button, a 'Speak' button and a small microphone. SCP-846 is activated using the 'On/Off' button, and verbal communication can be facilitated using the 'Speak' button. SCP-846 appears to be extremely well programmed, if not sentient, and will respond to most questions posed to it.
SCP-846 identifies itself as 'Robo-Dude' and claims that it possesses three hundred and fifty (350) 'Robo-Accessories'. When asked to use one of these accessories, the torso of SCP-846 slides open, revealing the desired accessory, which it then proceeds to utilize. The interior of SCP-846 appears to change completely each time it is asked to utilize an accessory. SCP-846 seems to be unable to utilize these accessories without being instructed to do so.
SCP-846 has claimed to possess, among other things:
History: SCP-846 was brought into containment after an unknown individual delivered it in a sealed package to [REDACTED], a front company for the SCP Foundation. The label of the package simply read 'MERRY CHRISTMAS'. Agents, upon learning of SCP-846's unusual properties, informed their superiors. SCP-846 was subsequently taken into Foundation custody.
Interviewed: SCP-846
Interviewer: Dr. ███████
<Begin Log>
Item #: SCP-847
Object Class: Euclid
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-847 is to be kept in a reinforced modified humanoid containment chamber. For the purpose of ongoing behavioral studies, the room is to be fully furnished with a bed, dresser, couch, table, chair, full-length mirror, sink, shower, and toilet. The floor of the chamber is to be constructed with 1-cm exposed beams of copper, which can be electrified remotely to a minimum 50 kV potential. A 50-cm squared "safe zone" at the rear right corner of the containment chamber is to remain free of copper beams in the case of personnel inside containment during disabling of SCP-847. No meals are to be provided.
All personnel posted to SCP-847 must be armed with a shock baton rated at 30 kV or greater. Only men XY males identifying as such are to be assigned to or permitted within a 50-meter radius of SCP-847.1 After the results of Experiment 847-G, upon order of the Ethics Committee, intersex, transgender, and nonbinary personnel are prohibited from working with, handling, or approaching SCP-847 for their own safety and well-being. When assigning personnel to SCP-847, preference is to be given to men who are not sexually attracted to women.
Description: SCP-847 is a human female mannequin, 156 cm tall and 27 kg in mass, constructed of human hair and an unknown composite fibrous polymer that abrades and shatters similarly to porcelain. Exploratory laparoscopy of SCP-847 shows the presence of internal structures resembling an incomplete set of bones, organs, and major blood vessels, composed of the same polymer. Small amounts of a black, volatile resin similar to plastination compounds leak from the eyes and damaged regions of the mannequin. SCP-847 has always been is normally at some level of disrepair, with shattered areas on the torso, head, and limbs (see Addendum 847-B for details).
SCP-847 is animate and moves with erratic, stiff motions while shuddering to maintain balance. It demonstrates different behaviors depending on the genotypical sex and identified gender of nearby humans. These behavioral patterns are grouped as Pattern Z, Pattern Y, and Pattern X.
Pattern Z behaviors occur when there is no human within 50 meters. SCP-847 remains inanimate and silent 99.5% of the time under these conditions. When animate, SCP-847 will dress in any available clothes, stand in front of any available full-length mirror, and return to an inanimate state, adopting a pose that showcases the outfit worn. It favors clothing which is designed for young women, and which leaves ample skin exposure. On rare occasions, SCP-847 will scratch short messages on nearby surfaces with a finger (or, depending on the state of repair, with an available appendage). Messages written since entering Foundation custody are found in Addendum 847-C.
Pattern Y behaviors are adopted when there are male subjects but no female subjects within 50 meters, independent of intervening obstacles. Initial stage behaviors involve emitting vocalizations resembling high-pitched whimpering gasps2 and adopting more provocative poses. Occasional shudders can be observed during this time. After 3-5 minutes of the initial stage, SCP-847's behavior enters a secondary stage, during which it becomes fully animate, approaching any male subject, adopting a hunched pose and appearing to look up into the subject's eyes. Vocalizations during this period become more frequent and longer in duration. Subjects are able to handle and freely alter or pose SCP-847 during this time. When posed, it holds the new pose as balance allows. The final stage of Pattern Y behaviors occurs approximately 5 minutes after all subjects have left the 50-m perimeter of SCP-847. It will then shatter select portions of its body and/or extract internal structures. Once shattering or extraction is complete, it emits sobbing vocalizations and returns to Pattern Z behaviors.
Pattern X behaviors occur when any female subject approaches within 50 meters, independent of intervening obstacles, whether male subjects are present or not. SCP-847 will emit vocalizations resembling distressed grunts and screeches, immediately animate, and physically attack the woman. During Pattern X behaviors, SCP-847's strength and speed are greatly increased, with sprints of up to 45 kph and exertion of 40 kN of force having been measured. During an attack, SCP-847 will occasionally shatter an appendage (usually a finger or toe) in order to produce a sharp edge. Furthermore, plastination resin is released from its eyes, mouth, and shattered sections of its body. Resin falling in open wounds results in a quick hardening of soft tissues that spread until the victim's body reaches a composition of a similar polymer as SCP-847. Following plastination, SCP-847 will harvest selected body parts from the victim corresponding to damaged sections of its own body. It will fuse these parts to its body via the resin. Not all damaged sections will be repaired in this way. Upon completion of harvesting, SCP-847 will return to Pattern Y or Pattern Z behaviors.
The resin produced by SCP-847 has been shown to have its anomalous plastination effects occur only when applied to soft tissues of women. The resin has no effect on cadaverous, nonhuman, or male tissue. Application of high voltage electricity (in excess of 10 kV) will cause a temporary solidification of the resin, resulting in SCP-847 becoming inanimate for approximately 5 minutes, regardless of the behavior pattern expressed at the time.
Addendum 847-A: Recovery Log
Item #: SCP-849
Object Class: Safe
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-849 is currently contained in Storage Unit ██, located at Site ██. SCP-849 is to be kept in a sealed chamber measuring 5m x 5m, which is to be guarded by two (2) security personnel at all times. SCP-849 is to be checked for leaks every three (3) days.
Any unauthorized personnel attempting to enter SCP-849 are to be detained by security and given scheduled visits with Site Psychologist ████ █████. Use of SCP-849 must be authorized by one (1) member of Level 4 personnel.
Description: SCP-849 is a sensory deprivation chamber first recovered by the Foundation from a health spa in ████████, ███ ████. SCP-849 measures 3m x 4m, is white in color and is filled with an opaque, grey liquid. When touched by a human (hereafter referred to as the subject), this liquid instantly transports them and any items which are physically attached to them to a location designated SCP-849-1.
SCP-849-1 takes the form of the subject's hometown or a location the subject considers to be their 'home'. This location is populated by civilian entities presumably produced by SCP-849-1, which take the form of individuals the subject is familiar with, even if said individuals do not reside in the location being imitated. Time passes normally in this location, which has been confirmed by researchers measuring the time the subjects have disappeared for.
For the first seventeen (17) hours of being within SCP-849-1, the subject will experience an ordinary day with the exception that every situation the subject finds themselves in will be resolved positively through apparent luck. The subject will typically make amends with civilian entities imitating individuals whom the subject has wronged or been wronged by during this period of time.
After seventeen (17) hours have passed in SCP-849-1, the quality of the imitation will begin to rapidly degrade. Effects of this process include, but are not limited to:
During the last fifteen (15) minutes of residing in SCP-849-1, subjects have reported the breakdown of physical laws such as gravity, often causing stress and anxiety. After twenty-four (24) hours have passed, all subjects will be forcibly ejected from SCP-849-1.
« SCP-848 | SCP-849 | SCP-850 »
Item #: SCP-850
Object Class: Euclid
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-850 is not dangerous unless threatened. However, as it reacts to containment as a threat, measures must be taken to ensure that it does not know that it is contained. SCP-850 must be kept in a large habitat maintained in [REDACTED] ocean. The boundaries of this habitat are to be marked and enforced by concrete walls several feet in thickness designed to appear as a reef.
Description: SCP-850 is a spatial and biological anomaly. It externally appears to be a school of fish closely resembling, in appearance and genetics, the species Clupea harengus. Major differences include darker coloration and greater variance in size.
An area exists within it in which space heavily bends. Internal area is far larger than external area. The exact area of this bent portion of space is unknown, but has proven to have a radius greater than 50 kilometers. Dr. Grangan has postulated that it could be infinite in size. All area that has been observed does contain water.
It has been observed that in the increasingly deep layers of SCP-850, the fish seem to become increasingly different from Clupea harengus. This is seemingly to become in part self-dependent. Though the specimens in the outer swarm depend primarily upon external creatures for food, the varied species further in seem to prey on each other. Despite preying upon one another, all fish in the school work together. Due to the sheer size of SCP-850, this typically provides enough force to kill a predator or destroy a barrier.
Addendum-850-1:
Item #: SCP-853
Object Class: Safe
Special Containment Procedures: In order to prevent breaking SCP-853, individual instances are to be separately packed in padded boxes measuring no smaller than 25cm x 25cm x 40cm. Except when being studied, all instances are stored in Secure Containment Locker 37 at Meteorological Research Station 21. If access is required, consult Dr. B████ for the combination. Caution is advised when testing SCP-853, due to the lack of specificity of the labeling (see After-Action Report 853-Iota)
Description: SCP-853 consists of ████ sealed canning jars of various sizes and makes. Each instance contains a differently colored substance with a visually-determined viscosity similar to that of firm gelatin. The lid of each jar is labeled with masking tape, upon which is written the name of a weather pattern and a year. Examples include SCP-853-12 ("Gentle Summer Rain, 1979"), SCP-853-145 ("Furious Tornado, 1952") and SCP-853-359 ("Blinding Dust-storm, 19812"). At least 3 different styles of handwriting are present. Instances of SCP-853 are no more durable than commercially available canning jars of the same size.
When an instance of SCP-853 is opened, the contents immediately begin to violently sublimate and vanish completely within 12 seconds. Between 7 minutes and 22 hours later, a weather system matching that described on the label will manifest at the site the instance was opened, regardless of the original or normal weather systems for that area. Anomalous weather patterns will persist for a minimum of 30 minutes and dissipate thereafter. The exact rate of dissipation appears to be related to how different the anomalous weather pattern is from the normal regional climate. Use of SCP-853 instances to assist in the containment of additional anomalous weather patterns, including instances of SCP-1746, is pending review.
Addendum: On 03/19/████, SCP-853-112 ("Light Drizzle, 1932") and SCP-853-193 ("Pleasant Breeze, 1944") were opened simultaneously at Meteorological Research Station 20. The resultant thunderstorm produced over 1 meter of rain and wind speeds up to 88 kph and persisted for 18 hours before dissipating. Any further proposals to test more than one instance of SCP-853 at a time must be approved by both Dr. B████ and Dr. J███████, at least one of whom must be off-site at the time of testing.
Addendum: On 12/25/████, the Foundation detected a snow storm over the town of ██████, Australia. Investigation resulted in the acquisition of an additional ███ instances of SCP-853 from the basement of an elderly woman by the name of A████ M███████. The handwriting on the lids of the new instances was different from those already contained, but matched that of Mrs. M███████. Mrs. M███████ died of a myocardial infarction upon her detainment, before an interview could be conducted.
« SCP-852 | SCP-853 | SCP-854 »
Item #: SCP-855
Object Class: Euclid
Special Containment Procedures: Four (4) members of security are to be present outside SCP-855's location at all times. No staff are to enter SCP-855 during "Horror", "Surreal", "Action", "Science Fiction" or "Disaster" phases. Any entities attempting to leave SCP-855 during the "Horror" phase are to be dispatched by security staff.
Any personnel entering SCP-855 during its "Western" phase are to be monitored by security staff for signs of aggression. During all other phases, research staff are free to enter and monitor SCP-855.
Description: SCP-855 is the designation given to Lecture Hall ██, located at Site ██. SCP-855 is equipped to seat one hundred (100) personnel. One reinforced skylight is present on the ceiling to allow the entry of natural light.
Each month, SCP-855 will redecorate itself and temporarily develop anomalous properties, seemingly themed after genres of film. This continues for the entirety of the month, and has taken the form of:
Genre Log:
Item #: SCP-856
Object Class: Euclid
Special Containment Procedures: The affected length of the █████████ River is bounded with four kilometers of chain link fencing, three meters in height and topped with razor-wire. The fence lines both banks and connects across the river at both ends of the containment area. Signs are posted every fifty meters in Arabic and English, warning of a chemical spill contaminating the river. Two armed guards are sent twice daily to patrol both banks of the containment area in a standard Foundation off-road vehicle. The vehicle is equipped with a .50 caliber rear-mounted machine gun for use in the event of a containment breach.
Should a civilian(s) accidentally come into contact with SCP-856, they are to be treated with a Class-B Amnestic (if still alive) and transported immediately to the hospital in Rumbek. Medical staff are to be told the victim suffered from an unknown animal attack. The use of force is acceptable if a civilian(s) deliberately attempts to come into contact with SCP-856.
Description: SCP-856 is an entity residing in a four kilometer length of the █████████ River in southern Sudan. If a human being comes into contact with the water, SCP-856 appears virtually instantaneously and attempts to attack them.
SCP-856 appears to be leonine in nature. Estimations put the entity at approximately the size of an adult male lion (Panthera leo). SCP-856 seems by all evidence to be bound to the river, as it has rarely been witnessed extending itself out of the water or beyond the banks by more than 1.5 meters (Note: see Incident Log).
Attacks come variably upon bodily contact with the river. In the majority of cases, SCP-856 appears within several seconds. However, in certain instances, the entity has appeared to time its attacks for maximum efficiency. If multiple parties come into contact with the water, SCP-856 will jump between individuals in fractions of a second, entirely regardless of distance. The entity’s ability of instantaneous movement does not apply to water up- or down-river of the containment area, or water physically detached from the confines of the river itself. Despite the abnormal capacity for movement exhibited by SCP-856, its attacks are of normal velocity and can be avoided with sufficient alertness.
Factors that incite attacks appear to be variable. No amount of protective clothing appears to prevent SCP-856 from sensing the contact of humans with the river. Objects placed in contact with the water by human beings have likewise provoked attacks, save for certain instances conducted with extreme care. Fauna in contact with the river generally do not incite attacks from SCP-856.
SCP-856 causes deep incisions and lacerations consistent with leonine teeth and claws. Wounds are fatal in 50-60% of cases, and generally come to the throat, face, or upper torso.
SCP-856 by all accounts ceases to exist when not attacking. Extensive photography, satellite surveillance, and sonar sounding have failed to observe the presence of SCP-856 in the absence of a provoking party.
Historical note:
Item #: SCP-857
Object Class: Safe
Special Containment Procedures: The area designated SCP-857 is to be surrounded by electrified fences measuring two (2) meters in height. Any civilians attempting to enter SCP-857 are to be brought into custody and interrogated. After interrogation, intruders are to be dosed with a Class-A amnestic.
No specimens of SCP-857-1 are to be allowed to leave SCP-857.
Description: SCP-857 is a section of the Amazon Rainforest measuring one square kilometer. Plants native to the region grow normally in this area, but animal life appear to instinctively avoid it. SCP-857 is populated entirely by what appears to be human organs and body parts capable of ambulation and basic thought.
The source of these specimens are currently unknown, and they will hereafter be referred to as SCP-857-1.
Specimens of SCP-857-1 are non-hostile towards humans and vary wildly in form and function. (See Specimen Log 857.) These mobile body parts appear to have been crudely altered to allow for movement and consumption of food. For example, most specimens do not possess an actual working mouth, but a large artificial orifice in the flesh that superficially resembles a mouth. The method by which specimens of SCP-857-1 digest food is currently unknown.
Although SCP-857-1 are naturally incapable of reproduction, no decrease in the number of observed specimens has been noted. Exploration is currently underway in an effort to discover the source of SCP-857-1.
Specimen Log 857:
Item #: SCP-858
Object Class: Keter
Special Containment Procedures: Three samples of contaminated precipitation are to be maintained within a storage locker in the Infectious Wing of Research Site-██. Reports of "cloud iridescence" are to be tracked until the likely area of precipitation can be identified and evacuated. Cover stories involving tornado activity are to be prepared and distributed afterwards, with area cleanup to consist of evaporation of contaminated water via heat lamp.
Objects and subjects affected by SCP-858 are to be detained and destroyed on-site, incinerated, and their remains allowed to escape Earth orbit.
Description: SCP-858 is a migrating noctilucent cloud which affects cirrus cloud formations beneath it. Presence of SCP-858 can be easily identified by the iridescent refraction within the cirrus formations, which, once affected, descend until precipitation ensues. Contact with precipitation from affected clouds immediately and permanently alters solid matter on contact. While apparently nonreactive with gasses and liquids, solid state reactions cause the molecular bonds of affected items to act as a vector, conducting the effect until the entirety of affected objects or organisms is repelled by, rather than attracted by, gravitational force. Porous materials act as a secondary vector, as affected water trapped in the substance in no way loses its effectiveness1. Barring sufficiently sturdy objects secured to sufficiently massive objects embedded or otherwise secured to Earth's surface, this results in the affected object accelerating away from the Earth's surface at 9.8m/s2. Upon contact with SCP-858 itself at roughly 80km above sea level, affected objects vanish.
Encounter Summary 858-A: First encounter with SCP-858 was a meteorological survey aircraft passing through an affected cloud formation. When the aircraft was affected by SCP-858, the pilot, Captain █. Finch, was able to invert the aircraft and maintain flight for several hours; when the plane proved unable to land, Captain Finch instructed the crew to bail out. He then continued to fly the affected aircraft until it ran out of fuel, at which time he abandoned the craft and it entered free-fall- away from the Earth's surface. Captain Finch contracted hypothermia and frostbite due to the severe altitude at which he bailed out, but he has since made a full recovery.
The plane's lateral velocity was sufficient to carry it past the boundaries of SCP-858. Later reports indicated forced emergency maneuvers on the part of a Russian satellite in the trajectory of the plane's debris. No other objects have been detected passing the Kármán line2.
Finch's descriptions of the oddly colored cloud formations and their location led researchers to what remained of a small farming community outside of Xenia, Ohio. After Finch later forwarded his airline's incident report- in which the instruments showed the plane leaving Earth's atmosphere before failing completely- to a Foundation agent, an investigative team was dispatched to the location. The vehicle in which the team of six arrived was lost upon contact with damp road surfaces, but after leaping free of the vehicle, losses among initial responders were prevented, as the mass of responder hazmat suits were insufficient to overcome their occupant's weight.
Investigation revealed all previously standing structures were devastated and, along with all residents outside of cellar shelters with strong foundations, unaccounted for. Most survivors were initially unwilling to leave their cellars when responders arrived, though a family of three was lost when their footwear was saturated while crossing their lawn to greet the response team. Reports from remaining survivors aided in isolating standing water as the source of the anomalous effect, as eyewitness reports stated that survivors emerging from their basements were seen rapidly ascending into the sky, later ascertained to have been due to assuming the danger had passed once there was nothing left to ascend- rainfall was continued. Even after precipitation ceased, other vehicles arriving after the fact continued to be affected- though the tires themselves were insufficient to displace the chassis, water sprayed onto the undercarriage by centripetal force compromised the vehicles in their entirety. Those persons able to exit their vehicles were inevitably suffered the same fate- regardless of whether they survived impact or not- as without the protection the responder's hazmat suits offered, they were affected by, and lost to, SCP-858 on contact with still-wet ground surfaces. Remaining survivors were extracted following natural evaporation of the anomalous precipitate, and were treated with amnestics before being released to their surviving relatives.
Addendum: Proposals to investigate SCP-858 itself have been stymied by the extreme expense of reaching the 80km altitude of the cloud; however, plans for altering the maneuvering thrusters of a geostationary satellite- soon to be launched by Foundation front company, ██████████ Corporation- to compensate from gravitational drift away from the planet, rather than towards it, is under consideration, pending calculation of the launch date and location in concert with the position of SCP-858.
« SCP-857 | SCP-858 | SCP-859 »
Item #: SCP-859
Object Class: Euclid
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-859 is stored in a locked container, which is stored in a secure containment chamber at Site ██. SCP-859 must not be removed from its container except with express permission from Level 4 personnel, and experimentation on SCP-859 must only be performed with Class D personnel.
Description: SCP-859 is a spherical mass of dark, unidentified material approximately 11cm in diameter that appears to be covered in multiple layers of spider webbing. SCP-859 is soft to the touch, and approximates the stickiness of spider webbing, although the strands observed on the object do not come off.
When any living human places their hand on SCP-859, the subject immediately gains an acute arachnophobia as well as severe allergic reactions to any kind of spider venom. See Addendum 859-1 for details.
SCP-859 was discovered in [DATA EXPUNGED] along with the swollen and decayed bodies of 37 individuals who had been [DATA EXPUNGED]. Investigation into the origin of SCP-859 as well as the exact nature of its effect are inconclusive.
Addendum 859-1:
Item #: SCP-860
Object Class: Safe
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-860 is to be contained in a small wooden box in a vault at Sector-██. By itself, the object is inert, and no further containment procedures are needed.
Description: SCP-860 is a dark blue key of unremarkable shape. At seemingly random intervals of time, a series of numbers, later found to be UTM coordinates, will appear on the key's blade. In the time SCP-860 has spent under containment, the numbers have changed three times, giving the coordinates for ██████ (Germany), ██████ (England), and Site-██.
SCP-860 can fit in any door lock that requires a key located in the area of the given coordinates, and will function identically to the correct key for that lock. SCP-860 only works on door locks, and only if they are attached to a door; it will not work on any other type of locking device.
When SCP-860 is used to unlock and open a door, the door does not lead to its usual destination. Instead, it opens into a small forest clearing centered on an 80 cm wide footpath, designated SCP-860-1. Every observation of this grove has noted the presence of blue-colored mist.
SCP-860-1
As soon as any person enters SCP-860-1, the door automatically closes. From inside SCP-860-1, the door appears attached to an infinite concrete wall, and is locked. No attempts to break the door from outside, with personnel inside SCP-860-1, have been successful. Attempts to break the door from inside SCP-860-1 have resulted in [REDACTED]. See Document 860-III for more details.
The trail inside SCP-860-1 usually leads to another door attached to another infinite concrete wall. This second door leads to the normal destination room of the door on which SCP-860 was used.
A number of other anomalous events have been reported by personnel conducting explorations of SCP-860-1. These are explained in more detail in Documents 860-I through 860-IV.
Following the events of Exploration IV (described in Document 860-IV), only level 4 personnel may perform tests on SCP-860.
Incident 860-██-12: On ██/██/████, ██ days after Exploration IV, SCP-860 was found on Dr. ███'s office table, ████ m from its containment unit. The item's containment locker had not been opened. Video surveillance from ██:██ AM shows the key suddenly materializing on top of the table. It is currently unknown how or why SCP-860 was moved. The incident had a profound effect on Dr. ███. Psychiatric evaluation is recommended.
Addendum: Below are the transcripts of Explorations I - IV. Level 2 personnel and above may access Documents 860-I and II. Only level 4 personnel and above may access Document 860-III and IV.
Document 860-I and II
Document 860-III and IV
« SCP-859 | SCP-860 | SCP-861 »
Item #: SCP-861
Object Class: Keter
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-861 is contained at Sector-135-861, which is located 370m southwest of the main site. All personnel assigned to Sector-135-861 must be cleared by Protocol-Narthex-861 prior to transfer. This entails a score of 83 or above on the Foundation Standard Compliance Examination (SCE-V.4) and a passing score on two additional personality examinations devised by Dr. ████ Chancey. No personnel, regardless of security clearance, are to be allowed onsite without Narthex approval. At least one personnel with Narthex approval must remain onsite and within 50m of SCP-861 at all times, barring Choir Events. No D-Class personnel are allowed onsite barring those for approved SCP-861-A testing.
SCP-861 is contained in an open 1500L steel crate and housed in a 8m x 4m x 8m concrete vault. Personnel are not to make direct contact with SCP-861. Personnel are to respect a 40m no-access perimeter around SCP-861, which may only be violated for the purposes of experimentation or recovery. Level 3 or lower personnel that violate this distance for any reason are to be administered Class-A amnestics.
The containment chamber must be opened immediately during a Choir Event, and the provoking subject should be subdued to expedite completion of the event. The resulting entity is then to be terminated (see DOCUMENT-NAVE-861 for details). Following the event, personnel are to return SCP-861 to its crate via electronic suction. Only security and Mobile Task Force personnel with Clearance 4/Narthex will be employed in termination and recovery.
Description: SCP-861 is a 1170L mass of liquid superficially resembling water with a fixed temperature of 27 degrees Centigrade. Any amount of the material that is forcibly displaced from the central mass will dissipate, and SCP-861 will generate an equal amount of new material to replace this loss. SCP-861 continuously emits a flame of variable color, generally violet or indigo; this flame generates no identified heat, and is non-hazardous to contact. The mass is capable of locomotion through an unidentified process, and is capable of scaling any surface at an observed maximum speed of 47km per hour. SCP-861 gravitates toward the presence of human beings, a distance of approximately 50m or closer being sufficient to determine "presence." If while traveling SCP-861 is obstructed, it will increase in mass until said obstruction is destroyed by the exerted pressure (SCP-861 will return to its normal size shortly thereafter).
Human beings within a radius of roughly 30m surrounding SCP-861 report hearing a continuous vocalization, producing a song in an unknown language. No physical acoustic component to this phenomenon has been detected. The vocalization is described by subjects as a vaguely human voice of indeterminate gender. A complete, phonetic transcript of the song has been documented, with an approximate duration of 7 minutes 45 seconds.
Subjects exposed to SCP-861 will allege that they understand fragments of the lyrics, but will deny any familiarity with the language. The quantity of song material understood, as well as its placement within the overall composition, vary widely from subject to subject. A compilation of ███ tests indicate a correlation between subjects with certain prominent character traits, including kindness, patience and humility, and song comprehension. These subjects demonstrated a comprehension percentage as high as 89%, allowing for ██.██% of the song to be translated (see DOCUMENT-TRANSEPT-861 for details).
SCP-861 will demonstrate a reaction to certain subjects that has since been designated a Choir Event. These individuals appear to possess cruel and arrogant character traits (ostensibly the antithesis of the traits required for song comprehension). Though data in this area is limited (due to hostility from SCP-861), subjects capable of provoking a Choir Event describe the entity's song as entirely incomprehensible. The psychological threshold for provoking a Choir Event has not been entirely determined, but appears to be sensitive.
Choir Events consist of SCP-861 advancing upon the subject and forcing itself inside their body using various orifices as access points. It should be noted that termination of the subject will not prevent SCP-861's reaction's or the completion of the event. Once this is complete [DATA EXPUNGED] various forms designated SCP-861-A. Observed forms include:
Regardless of its current shape, SCP-861-A emits a flame similar to that of its resting state, but in a white or golden hue. The entity will attempt to eject this flame at any human target in the vicinity. Upon contact, said target will become engulfed in the flames and be rendered completely unresponsive, but will stand with their eyes closed for as long as they are physically able. Unlike SCP-861's normal flames, however, the subject will burn over a period of 2-3 hours. Flames produced by burning human organic material will reproduce the 'song'1 normally produced by SCP-861 at rest, though at a different pitch (how this occurs is unknown). Flames ejected by SCP-861-A will quickly dissipate if they do not reach a human target, and do not appear to ignite any substance other than living human beings.
After any SCP-861-A entity is terminated, its body will exude SCP-861, which will return to a resting state.
Addendum [861-001]:
Item #: SCP-862
Object Class: Safe
Special Containment Procedures: A 6m x 6m bunker has been constructed around SCP-862 in order to prevent escape or sightings of SCP-862-1. The interior of the bunker is to be monitored by researchers via cameras placed inside the bunker outside of SCP-862's sphere of influence.
The bunker is to be checked daily for breaches or escaped instances of SCP-862-1. In the event of a bunker breach, the rupture is to be immediately sealed with concrete and cement. Any escaped instances of SCP-862-1 are to be tracked and destroyed by Mobile Task Force Beta-23 ("Rat Trappers").
No materials or individuals are to enter SCP-862.
Description: SCP-862 is an area spanning ten square meters located in the city of █████, ██████. This area possesses a sphere of influence that affects all materials. Upon arriving in SCP-862, materials will begin to split into portions of twenty-five (25) square centimeters.
Over a period of time that varies depending on the consistency of the material, the affected portion will assume the shape and detail of a Rattus norvegicus, the common rat. The affected portion will be dormant for a much shorter length of time before animating and assuming the behaviour of said rat. Affected portions will hereafter be referred to as SCP-862-1.
Instances of SCP-862-1 do not require food or water, but exhibit the same properties as the material they are composed of, and the rate of decomposition is unaffected in organic materials. Due to their composition, some instances of SCP-862-1 are difficult to destroy, but liquid or gas instances can be destroyed with extremely light impacts.
Solid instances of SCP-862-1 can register pain and survive trauma far exceeding that of regular rats, such as loss of limbs, heavy trauma and dissection. Over █████ instances of SCP-862-1 are currently present in the containment bunker, which include, but are not limited to:
Instances of SCP-862-1 composed of air are regularly created, but are destroyed near-instantly, as they collapse when exposed to the slightest pressure.
« SCP-861 | SCP-862 | SCP-863 »
Item #: SCP-863
Object Class: Safe
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-863-1 is to be contained in a 2m x 2m enclosure and provided with nutrition as detailed in Nutritional Chart 863-1-1. Due to its low risk of breaching containment, SCP-863-1 is to be kept under guard by one (1) member of security. In the event of limb loss, SCP-863-1 is to be provided with a replacement from a similarly proportioned crab.
SCP-863-2 is to be contained in a 6m x 6m enclosure and provided with nutrition as detailed in Nutritional Chart 863-2-1. SCP-863-2 is to be kept under guard by two (2) members of security. In the event of limb loss, SCP-863-2 is to be provided with a suitable replacement.
SCP-863-3 is to be contained in a 10m x 10m enclosure and provided with nutrition via robotic arm as detailed in Nutritional Chart 863-3-1. SCP-863-3 is to be kept under guard by six (6) members of security at all times. No personnel are to enter SCP-863-3's containment enclosure. In the event of limb loss, SCP-863-3 is to be provided with a cadaver as replacement.
Any specimens of SCP-863 found in the wild are to be destroyed.
Description: SCP-863 is a species of crab commonly found in areas of ███████. SCP-863 specimens, when first born, measure roughly three centimeters in height and one (1) gram in weight, but are capable of growing up to sizes of [DATA EXPUNGED]. When fully grown, specimens superficially resemble the Japanese spider crab. Specimens of SCP-863 are born without limbs, and undergo a process in which they utilize the limbs of other organisms, or even whole organisms in lieu of their own.
From birth, SCP-863 move themselves across the ground by sliding using several tendrils attached to their limb joints. When specimens of SCP-863 locate a suitably sized limb or organism, they will puncture it using their tendrils, which will then retract and slot the organism or limb into the limb joint. Using a series of electrical pulses, SCP-863 will then manipulate the limb or organism's nervous system. This process is not perfect, and the utilized limb or organism will typically twitch or jerk periodically.
Specimens of SCP-863 are highly territorial and larger specimens can cause severe injuries or death when provoked. Groups of SCP-863 have been observed to, on occasion, actively hunt for other organisms to remove limbs from. Larger specimens will simply utilize these organisms wholesale, as their limbs would not be suitable for specimens of that size.
SCP-863-1
Item #: SCP-864
Object Class: Euclid
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-864 is to be held in a standard containment chamber, located in Site-77's Euclid SCP wing. This chamber is to be kept devoid of any moisture, and inspected once a day to check the seal. During testing, no personnel are to enter the testing area. In the event that articles of clothing manifest, they are to be stored as non-anomalous artifacts.
Description: SCP-864 is a 20 cm tall washbasin with a 10 cm radius, composed of red metal commonly found in washbasins. The words "Made in China" and "Cherry Imperial Goff Applications" are imprinted on the bottom with black ink. No company of that name is found anywhere in China.
When SCP-864 contains at least 200 ml of water, it will manifest an instance of SCP-864-1. Instances of SCP-864-1 designates a series of appendages which have appeared from SCP-864. Instances of SCP-864-1 may attempt to seize a human subject within their reach, and violently pull them into SCP-864. Instances of SCP-864-1 do not always attempt to take the subjects, with tests showing that the majority of SCP-864-1 instances will make no attempt to attack human subjects. No subjects taken through SCP-864 have been recovered.
Instances of SCP-864-1 known to have manifested include:
Testing has shown that SCP-864 extends a distance of 2 kilometers when manifesting an instance of SCP-864-1, after which it terminates in a steel hatch with the words "Black Dragon Co." embossed in it. Robotic drones sent inside of SCP-864 have found that, while active, the interior is composed entirely of SCP-864-1 instances handling various garments. As of 1/16/2013, approximately 11% of these have been identified as originating from Earth. Of those, only 32 appear to originate from after 1900.
« SCP-863 | SCP-864 | SCP-865 »
Item #: SCP-865
Object Class: Safe
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-865 is to be kept, unloaded, in a locked firearms safe in the secure archive room at Site 73. SCP-865 is to be equipped with a trigger lock when not being tested and is to be marked with a tag indicating that it is non-functional and is not to be deployed in case of emergency.
As of ██/██/20██, all test firings of SCP-865 are to be conducted by and on D-class personnel only. No other staff are to be within visual range of SCP-865 during testing. D-class involved in testing are to be fitted with explosive collars and informed that any attempts at disobedience or resistance will result in summary termination.
SCP-865 is to be disassembled, cleaned, and reassembled before and after testing by a staff member trained in firearms maintenance. All test subjects are to be debriefed and monitored for lasting psychological effects.
Description: SCP-865 is a handgun of unknown make, superficially similar to a SIG Sauer P226 of the type manufactured after 1996, and bearing no identifying marks. SCP-865 can be disassembled, cleaned, and reassembled in the same manner as a normal pistol of its type. Several circuit boards and microprocessors have been incorporated into SCP-865's grip. The purpose of these devices is not fully understood at this time.
SCP-865 is capable of chambering any round compatible with the P226 and is compatible with standard-size and extended-length magazines. When fired, SCP-865 produces a muffled report similar to that made by a firearm with a suppressor attached, and a shell casing is ejected from the weapon's side. The bullet itself is not ejected from the barrel; high-speed photography has indicated that only trace amounts of powder and steam are emitted when SCP-865 is fired. Attempts to determine what happens to the bullet when SCP-865 is fired have yielded no results.
When fired into the air, at inanimate objects, or at non-human animals, SCP-865 presents no anomalous effects. When fired at a human being, the target immediately reacts as if the body part SCP-865 was aimed at when fired were in intense pain. Test subjects have claimed detailed memories of suffering a severe accidental injury to the targeted body part, and will behave at all times as if the memory is factual, up to and including mimicry of conditions associated with paraplegia, amputation, infection, or brain damage. Physical examination of test subjects indicates that no physical change occurs in body parts SCP-865 has been fired at. To date, no fatalities have resulted from SCP-865 testing. When fired at oneself, SCP-865 has no effect other than inflicting burns due to unignited gunpowder.
SCP-865 was acquired by the Foundation on ██/██/20██ during a raid on a warehouse owned by a front company associated with Marshall, Carter, and Dark Ltd. SCP-865 was found in a glass display case with a paper containing the following copy, believed to have been written as an advertisement;
The end result of over 17 years of research and development, the MCD-226-BPD represents the ultimate in non-lethal discipline for the discreet gentleman who expects the most from his subordinates. Each round fired from this hand-crafted, custom-made device is capable of transmitting up to 7.3 kilosades of psychological trauma to its target, and is 100% guaranteed to leave no incriminating wounds, bruises, or scars. For your convenience, the MCD-226-BPD may be loaded with any standard ammunition for a weapon of its type, or with our custom-made MCD-BPD ammunition (Item #2301943-581-3, sold separately) for best results and seamless shell disposal. A wide variety of customization options are available; consult one of our Client Satisfaction Specialists to help create the model that best fits your style and demeanor.
It is unknown at this time whether SCP-865 is a prototype or whether other devices of its type have been developed and distributed by MC&D to date.
Experiment Log 865:
Item #: SCP-866
Object Class: Euclid
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-866 is to be contained in situ in the HPC Center of the ████████ University in ████████, ██████. Floor ██ containing SCP-866 is to be permanently sealed off to all but authorized SCP personnel. At least two SCP personnel should monitor the diesel backup generators at all times as a complete power failure could lead to unquantifiable loss of personnel and civilian casualties, unquantifiable loss of equipment, complete loss of acquired experimental data and in the worst case [DATA EXPUNGED]. Access to the input terminals is allowed only with permission of Level 4 Staff. At least two guards should be stationed in the room of SCP-866 and prevent any individual from entering SCP-866 beyond the input terminals. Unauthorized attempts of access should be logged, but due to the location of containment extreme measures should be avoided if possible.
Description: SCP-866 is a ████ Series Supercomputer constructed in 20██. Its anomalous properties were discovered when the system proved capable of running computation jobs with more processors than physically available. Subsequent attempts to determine the reason for this behavior have failed, but have caused █ university employees to disappear. See Addendum 1.1a for details. Foundation operatives determined the system has non-euclidian geometry in the computation node rack topology, possibly a polydimensional n-hypercube structure. This however does not account for the reason for the anomalous computations, only for their speed. An attempt to remove SCP-866 from the power supply has resulted in immediate [DATA EXPUNGED] resulting in ██ displacements and disappearances, including the entire recovery team. See [REDACTED] for additional information. In situ containment measures have been devised.
Addendum 1: SCP-866 has been successfully used by Foundation staff for large-scale simulations and computations. At this time, the limit, if any, to SCP-866 computational capacity is not known. Access to the machine can be made remotely by anyone possessing a student or staff account for the ████████ University System. Addition of a [REDACTED] prevents non-Foundation access.
Addendum 1.1a: █ of the university employees have since been discovered. Prof. ████ has been found in the building's basement by janitorial staff. Analysis of the remains has shown that his death occurred roughly at the same time as the attempt to remove SCP-866 from the power supply. He was found embe[REDACTED]oom wall. Position of the body suggests Prof. ████ was initially alive while in the basement, the words "[illegible] [illegible] died to a rounding error" were written in his own blood. Radar scans of the building's concrete walls are ongoing, but have failed to find anything of note. Research assistant Dr. ████ has been found in Lagrangian point L3 through unrelated observation regarding [REDACTED].
Addendum 2: An analysis of currently running jobs shows that less than 5% of tasks are the result of foundation personnel. This value could not be increased through an increase in jobs submitted, suggesting non-linear relation between job size and machine resources. Attempts to identify the nature of the other jobs has proven so far unsuccessful. Largest observed jobs up to date, still running, are the "TSTWRLD1" to "TSTWRLD4" series submitted by "ao000002" and taking 20% of total machine resources each. Further analysis required.
Addendum 3: Log recovered after attempt to remove from power supply failed.
Item #: SCP-869
Object Class: Euclid
Special Containment Procedures: The facility housing SCP-869 is to be owned and operated by Supertastic Carnival Promotions, a Foundation front company, and is to remain in operation and open to the public for its intended purpose. A secondary service bridge is to be built to replace SCP-869. SCP-869 is to remain closed to park staff and the public. Both ends of SCP-869 are to be monitored by Foundation personnel operating as park security officers for the purpose of preventing unauthorized access.
All surveys of SCP-869 and the area beyond are to be conducted by Level 1 personnel operating in groups of three or more. Survey personnel are to be dressed in clothing appropriate to late 1940s mainstream American fashion and are to carry no more than ten dollars in pre-1948 US currency, as well as period-appropriate identification badges identifying them as local police, FBI agents, or Foundation personnel as necessary to facilitate interaction with park officials. Personnel conducting surveys are not to carry any equipment, technology, or personal effects that were not available to the Foundation in 1948. Personnel are to exit SCP-869 no later than 8 P.M., one hour prior to the park's scheduled closing time.
Description: SCP-869 is a service bridge attached to the █████████ Historic Pleasure Pier, an amusement park located on a pier extending out over the ocean in the US state of [REDACTED]. SCP-869 was built in 20██ concurrent to the construction of the park itself, a recreation of an earlier pleasure pier which existed on the same site from 194█ until it was severely damaged by Hurricane [REDACTED] in 19██ and subsequently demolished.
SCP-869's anomalous properties manifest whenever the park is open for business and none of the park's attractions have been closed due to inclement weather. When these conditions are met, approximately ██% of persons crossing SCP-869 from the landward side to the pier, on foot or in a vehicle, will not arrive at the pier and will lose visual contact with land and pier-based observers at approximately the halfway point between the bridge's termini. The area that persons so afflicted arrive at, based on forensic analysis of photographs taken by survey teams, is physically identical to the original pleasure pier constructed on the site as it existed in the summer of 1948.
In all surveys conducted since the discovery of SCP-869's properties, interviews with civilians found within the anomaly and evidence recovered in the form of calendars and newspapers indicate that the date within the anomaly is Saturday, July 24th, 1948, █ years after the original pleasure pier opened for business. Local time within the anomaly is consistent with the time of day outside it. Surveys have indicated that events within the anomaly occur consistently in the same manner, at the same time, as during all previous observations, except when survey team members are directly involved. On no occasion has any survey team spotted any previous survey team within the anomaly.
No means of direct communication across SCP-869 has been discovered to date. Radio, cellular phone, satellite, and other wireless transmissions have proven non-functional, and attempts at laying a telephone line across SCP-869 and into the anomaly have consistently resulted in the cable-laying team failing to enter the anomaly.
In all cases where it has been attempted, crossing back to shore along SCP-869 from the anomaly, prior to the close of business for the day (which on 7/24/48 occurred at 9 P.M.) has returned survey team members to the shore successfully. Survey team members exiting the pier within the anomaly by its main entrance have found that the [REDACTED] mainland similarly is identical in all discernible ways to the state that it existed in in 1948. In all cases where persons originating within the anomaly have been persuaded to cross SCP-869 to the mainland, that individual has not arrived on shore. All personnel remaining within the anomaly after the close of business have been lost. No indication of the presence or ultimate disposition of persons missing within the anomaly has been found on any subsequent survey.
SCP-869 came to the Foundation's attention shortly after the opening of the █████████ Historic Pleasure Pier in 20██, and the subsequent disappearance of several park employees while crossing from land to the pier. To date, fifteen individuals are known to have become lost within SCP-869, comprising eleven civilians and four Foundation personnel. Refer to Document 869-332-B for a full accounting of surveying actions and dossiers on missing persons.
Addendum 869-1, 7/30/1948: On Monday, July 26th, an individual identifying himself as Dr. █████ ███████ presented himself at Site 11, bearing an otherwise apparently valid identification badge that does not match any individual currently employed by the Foundation, claiming to be a Foundation researcher from ██/██ of the year 20██. During debriefing, ███████ claimed that he had become stuck in the present day while investigating an SCP object that does not yet exist at this time, and had reported to the nearest Foundation facility in accordance with protocol. To corroborate his claims, he demonstrated knowledge of a wide variety of Foundation protocols, security procedures, and objects currently in containment. ███████ additionally made several claims regarding world events to occur later in the 20th century and SCP objects not currently known to the Foundation or not currently in Foundation custody. Dr. ███████ was particularly insistent that the Foundation should terminate an eight-year-old boy residing in Dallas who he claimed would assassinate a future president of the United States, and that under no circumstances should a man named "Thomas Wertham" be recruited by the Foundation as a researcher. Dr. ███████ additionally provided an SCP document, represented above, which he stated was the containment file for the anomaly responsible for his arriving in this era.
Based on Dr. ███████'s demonstrated knowledge of Foundation procedures, his behavior during enhanced debriefing, and the nature of several other anomalous artifacts found on and in his person, his claims are presumed to be genuine at this time. The Foundation is currently canvassing the █████████ area for any indication of the presence of the other missing persons referred to in the above containment document. Dr. ███████ has been treated with Class-B and Class-C amnestics and transferred to Site 73 for long-term observation pending determination of how to address the issue of other persons temporally displaced as a result of SCP-869.
Revised Special Containment Procedures, 8/23/1948: All persons identified as having arrived in the present era as a result of SCP-869 are to be taken into Foundation custody as soon as possible. Subjects are to be debriefed and released into the civilian population after undergoing amnestic therapy. Fingerprint records from temporally displaced persons are to be preserved for the purpose of testing to confirm the identity of persons reported missing within SCP-869 after its construction.
The names of temporally displaced persons are to be permanently expunged from the record. All foreknowledge of events yet to occur acquired from debriefing is to be made accessible to Level 5 personnel only and is to be referred to only for the purposes of verifying that subjects are genuine victims of temporal displacement. The Foundation is to take no action, directly or indirectly, based on foreknowledge acquired from persons temporally displaced by SCP-869, either to prevent or to encourage the occurrence of events described therein.
SCP-869's containment document is not to be filed in the central database. Upon the construction of SCP-869 in 20██, research personnel are not to be informed of the existence of this document. After SCP-869's containment file is approved and filed in the central database, it is to be checked against the document above after each revision to determine when and if the filed document matches the content of the document above.
Addendum 869-23, 5/30/2012: On 5/28/2012, Dr. Jacob Andrews failed to return from a survey of SCP-869 by 9 P.M. and was not subsequently seen or heard from. As of that date, the copy of SCP-869's containment document filed in the central database was a word-for-word match for the SCP-869 containment document recovered by the Foundation in 1948. Comparison of Dr. Andrews' fingerprints against those archived following the initial recovery of the SCP-869 document in 1948 suggest a high probability that Dr. Andrews is the unnamed doctor who provided that documentation to the Foundation. Subject 869-1, as he is referred to in later documents, remained in Foundation custody at Site 73 until he died in 1967 when SCP-███ breached containment.
Notes were found in Dr. Andrews' office after his disappearance in which he stated that, during his research, he had come to the conclusion that SCP-869 represented a means of time travel from this era to one specific date in the past, and that he had decided to conduct an experiment to determine whether it was possible to use his knowledge of events yet to occur as of 1948 to alter the course of history. It can be assumed that his statements to the Foundation in 1948 regarding Lee Harvey Oswald and former Site Director Wertham comprised his attempt to make those changes to the course of history.
Effective immediately, no personnel conducting surveys within SCP-869 are to leave the pier by any means other than SCP-869 itself. Any proposals for experiments to alter the course of history, or pass foreknowledge of post-1948 events to individuals within the anomaly, are preemptively denied. Survey personnel are authorized to use lethal force to prevent attempts to violate this directive.
It is impossible to determine to what extent Dr. Andrews and other persons lost within SCP-869 have affected the course of history from what it may have been prior to their becoming temporally displaced, or whether any of those persons may still be alive. The Foundation has identified twenty-one people as having been displaced to 1948 as the result of SCP-869; given that only fifteen people are mentioned in the original document, and only sixteen are known to have gone missing including Dr. Andrews himself, it can be presumed that at least five more persons will be temporally displaced by SCP-869 in the future. Coroner reports from 1948 indicate that two adult males who had been killed by gunshot washed up on the shore near █████████ in late July 1948. Bullets found within the remains were consistent with standard rounds used in sidearms issued to Foundation survey teams operating within SCP-869; due to the extent to which the bodies had decayed at the time of discovery, and the incompleteness of the medical examiner's reports, it is impossible to determine whether those bodies represent victims of unrelated violence or persons yet to be lost within SCP-869.
« SCP-868 | SCP-869 | SCP-870 »
Cite this page as:
"SCP-869" by Smapti, from the SCP Wiki. Source: http://www.scpwiki.com/scp-869. Licensed under CC-BY-SA.
For more information, see Licensing Guide.
Licensing Disclosures
Item #: SCP-870
Object Class: Keter
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-870 is to be contained in a sealed chamber measuring 8 m x 8 m. Motion sensors are to be placed in the containment area and movements of SCP-870 are to be monitored at all times.
A motion activated turret is to be placed directly outside the containment area to prevent the escape of SCP-870. One (1) D-class personnel suffering from schizophrenia is to observe SCP-870 via camera at all times.
SCP-870 is to be provided with one (1) bovine carcass every forty-eight (48) hours.
Description: SCP-870 is an animal species of undetermined proportions and appearance, which, for unknown reasons, can only be perceived by individuals suffering from schizophrenia. This often results in specimens of SCP-870 being dismissed as hallucinations. Specimens of SCP-870 are omnivorous and seem to eat nearly all kinds of plants and meat, but will typically eat their food in secluded areas.
Notably, two people with the ability to perceive SCP-870 will describe its appearance in completely different ways, even when looking at the same specimen of SCP-870. Descriptions of SCP-870 have included:
Specimens of SCP-870 are highly predatory, and will typically stalk their prey for months and years without eating. It is unknown how they manage to last this time without succumbing to malnutrition. Eventually, at a seemingly random time when their prey is alone or in a secluded area, SCP-870 will kill and swallow their prey whole. (See Interview 870-1)
SCP-870's method of reproduction is currently unknown, but the journal of schizophrenic researcher ██████ ████ speculates that they do not actually require sustenance to survive, and instead re-purpose the body of their victim into their young over a large period of time. This theory has not been verified, and research is underway to test it.
The specimen of SCP-870 currently in Foundation custody frequently attempts to breach containment, and has proven hostile to all personnel. Banging noises are audible from SCP-870's containment area at all hours of the day. Research is ongoing to find a way to perceive SCP-870 without being schizophrenic, but this may take a considerable length of time.
It is currently believed that there could be dozens, if not hundreds of SCP-870 in the world. They are a clear and present danger to the public, and steps must be taken to destroy or contain the species.
Interviewed: Mr. █████
Interviewer: Dr. ███████
Foreword: On ██/██/20██, Mr. █████ reported to police that he had killed a 'monster' at his home in ███ ████. Mr. █████ was later found to be schizophrenic and the Foundation, suspecting SCP-870 involvement, brought him in for interrogation.
<Begin Log>
Item #: SCP-871
Object Class: Keter
Special Containment Procedures: Each recurrence of SCP-871 is to be maintained within a separate, locked concrete cell on a metal platter permanently affixed to the surface of an immovable wooden table. Each cell housing a recurrence of SCP-871 is to be monitored on a 24-hour basis via closed-circuit camera, with individual feeds checked every 15 minutes.
Upon creation of an instance of SCP-871, 3 Class D personnel are to be escorted by armed guards to its cell, where they are to be sealed with the instance and induced to consume it. No more than one hour may be spent performing this task. In cases where additional motivation is needed, the termination of one of the Class D personnel assigned to an instance of SCP-871 is authorized. Upon completion of the consumption of an instance, no participants may exit the cell until both they and the room have been thoroughly searched to confirm that no portions remain. The platter, table, and room are then to be cleaned in preparation for the next instance.
Class D personnel who prove cooperative in the consumption of an instance of SCP-871 may volunteer to participate in additional consumptions. Personnel exhibiting exceptional usefulness may have their monthly termination postponed. Such personnel are under no circumstances to be allowed to interact with any other SCP object.
No desserts of any kind are to be served on-site at any facility housing a recurrence of SCP-871.
Description: SCP-871 is a collection of 237 cakes. Instances of SCP-871 vary widely in appearance and size, covering the entire range of foods described by humans as "cake". The smallest observed instance of SCP-871 was a miniature cupcake with a mass of 15 grams. The largest yet observed was a 22-kilogram baumkuchen measuring 2 meters in length.
When any instance of SCP-871 is consumed by a human or a collection of humans, it is replaced approximately 24 hours afterward with a similar cake. This cake will appear on a flat surface in the vicinity of the location where the previous instance was eaten. If any of these cakes is substantially damaged through any means other than being eaten by a human, including being eaten by a non-human animal, it will be replaced instantaneously. Instances recreated in this manner maintain the schedule of the original instance. The mechanism by which instances of SCP-871 are replaced is currently unknown.
Individual recurrences of SCP-871 have been observed to "mutate" over time, varying in minor characteristics between each instance, with larger changes occurring in roughly 5% of replacements. No deleterious effects have been observed to result from the consumption of SCP-871, even in cases where several instances have been consumed, excepting those expectable from eating large amounts of cake.
SCP-871's danger originates in the consequences of an instance not being eaten. Any instance of SCP-871 which is not consumed will cause a new cake to be created in its vicinity after 24 hours. While this is similar to its normal "replacement" behavior, the original instance will continue to exhibit the same properties, replicating if damaged and continuing to "replace" itself every 24 hours. This behavior has been observed in all cases where more than 10% of the mass of an instance remained unconsumed. As there is no known mechanism for halting SCP-871's replication, any uncontained instances could replicate exponentially, quickly becoming unmanageable. No maintainable plans for the containment of more than 20,000 instances of SCP-871 have yet been devised. It is estimated that an uncontrolled outbreak originating with a single instance would render the earth uninhabitable within 80 days.
« SCP-870 | SCP-871 | SCP-872 »
Item #: SCP-872
Object Class: Safe
Special Containment Procedures: When not under controlled observation, SCP-872 is to be kept in cold storage at Sector-██. SCP-872 is to be kept two (2) kilometers from any concentrated group of animals considered livestock at all times.
When under controlled observation, a perimeter is to be established outside the observation area and research is to cease immediately in the event of an attempted containment breach. Ten (10) members of security are to be present during controlled observation to enforce this. Controlled observation must be approved by one (1) member of Level 4 personnel.
Description: SCP-872 is an aged scarecrow outfitted with a tattered coat and hat, measuring three (3) meters tall and ten (10) centimeters wide. SCP-872 is composed of pine wood, splinters of which have not displayed its anomalous properties.
When animals considered livestock (sheep, cows, chickens, etc.) enter the area within 1.5 km of SCP-872, they are immediately affected by its anomalous properties. SCP-872 affected animals are extremely hostile to humans and will viciously assault any who approach them. Affected animals have been observed to utilize advanced maneuvers such as flanking and ambushing.
A group of SCP-872-affected sheep.
Affected animals have also been observed to behave as if in an automated farm environment. Chickens will lay their eggs in easy-to-access areas. Sheep will attempt to remove wool from each other using their teeth. Cows have been observed to kill one (1) cow each week, and roughly separate its carcass into strips of meat.
Each month, the animals will transport anything produced to the perimeter of SCP-872's area of influence and allow humans to remove it from the area.
When removed from SCP-872's area of influence, affected animals immediately enter a vegetative state. This vegetative state is reversed when said animals are returned into SCP-872's area of influence.
« SCP-871 | SCP-872 | SCP-873 »
Item #: SCP-873
Object Class: Safe Euclid
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-873 is kept in a secure room at Site-19. (Revised see: Containment Procedure Updates) Three wide-spectrum high-definition cameras shall be mounted in order to maintain 360-degree observation of SCP-873 on a continual basis. Recorded video data shall be archived in the Foundation’s secure network and access granted to any researcher with a clearance 2 or better upon request. Physical examination and testing of SCP-873 is permitted with written approval from Level 3 or above. (Revised see: Containment Procedure Updates)
Containment Procedure Update ██/██/19██: Until further notice, physical access to SCP-873, as well as access to recorded video from SCP-873, is restricted to researchers with direct approval of the site director.
Containment Procedure Update ██/██/20██: Until further notice, physical access to SCP-873, as well as access to recorded video from SCP-873 is restricted to level 4 researchers with O5 approval.
Containment Procedure Update ██/██/20██: SCP-873 is to be permanently relocated to Site ██ and stored in a concrete-lined vault at least 2000m below ground and at least 100km from any other SCP containment facility or human population center. Archives of video surveillance are to be encrypted to a secure, dedicated data warehouse with access limited to level 4 and above. Any changes in mass, volume or apparent refractive index must be reported immediately to O5 command.
Description: SCP-873 is a spherical object 138mm across with a detectable mass of 5.3kg. It gives the appearance of being made of flawless glass or crystal, but all attempts to determine the material of its construction have been inconclusive. No attempt to remove a sample has been successful, and spectroscopic analysis has shown no absorption spectra that can be attributed to the object. Because of its anomalous properties, its refractive index can only be estimated.
The object is transparent, but only 50% of photons entering the sphere will emerge, while a variable percentage of photons emerging from SCP-873 originate from SCP-873 itself. (This has been confirmed using quantum entanglement and a coherent light source.) The photons emerging from SCP-873 appear to originate from light striking an identical object displaced in both time and space from SCP-873. This object has been designated SCP-873-Prime (or SCP-873’). The anomalous effects of both SCP-873 and SCP-873’ seem identical, in that an observer of SCP-873’ will perceive 50% of photons striking SCP-873 as being emitted from SCP-873’, whereas SCP-873 emits 50% of photons striking SCP-873’.
In addition, while the light emitted from SCP-873 shows no anomalous properties in and of itself, the images provided are presented in strict reverse chronological order. To an observer of SCP-873 it appears that SCP-873’ is moving backwards in time at a rate of exactly one second per second. The effect is mirrored for any observer of SCP-873’, who would perceive their images from SCP-873 as progressing backward in time at the same 1:1 ratio.
Despite the differences in perception of time between observers of SCP-873 and SCP-873’, written communication has been possible. Unfortunately, information transfer is often hindered by quantum interference rendering messages illegible. It has been theorized that the interference is a form of paradox censorship.
Current observations and experiments are recording images from SCP-873’ in the possession of Dr. Ivan ██████████, a physician to the court of Tsar Alexander I in 18██.
Addendum 1:
Item #: SCP-874
Object Class: Euclid
Special Containment Procedures: While not undergoing experimentation, SCP-874 is to be kept in a container such that no horizontal volume of the substance is shallower than 5 cm. The fluid must be in constant motion, such as being stirred. With the Foundation's current supply of SCP-874, this is to be a cylindrical steel vat of radius seven meters and height 10 meters. While SCP-874 is under study, no non-Class D personnel are to be within five meters of the liquid. Any lab in which SCP-874 is studied should be equipped with a winch system of no less than ████ horsepower and with steel rope of 5 (five) cm thickness. All personnel who have been immersed in SCP-874 in its active state should be terminated after study.
Description: SCP-874 is a black, largely unreflective fluid with 30.87 cP viscosity and reflectivity less than a tenth of that of water. When it approaches a static depth of 2 cm, the fluid functions as a portal to a seemingly infinite space. Telemetry into the abyss has led to no conclusive results as to its dimensions. Audio readings and personnel report the sound of distant grinding of metal and stone from this portal. Occasionally, viewers and visual recording equipment can glimpse what appears to be immense rotating ███████ drifting aimlessly in the otherwise featureless blackness.
Assuming, as evidenced, zero gravity, an object propelled through the portal can travel approximately 3000 km before being totally obscured by the very light fog that fills the abyss. Objects partially lowered into the surface cannot be retrieved by any effort less than the recommended ████ horsepower. Later experiments (those after March ██, 20██) revealed that objects left in for more than five minutes are quickly worn away by invisible ████████.
Class D personnel who touched the portal reported that it felt like putting their hand in a cool bowl of water. They were unable to remove their limbs from the surface, reflecting the difficulty of extracting inanimate objects from the portal. The personnel claimed that it felt as though an array of wires were holding them in (video recordings of the puddle showed no change in the skin formation of these participants). After five minutes expired, the limbs were severed, which later examination showed to be due to a large number of irregular, shallow cuts. The first batch of personnel totally submersed in SCP-874 was [DATA EXPUNGED]. The next sequence of experiments was conducted after the winch system was tested with non-living objects, which were safely retrieved if pulled up before five minutes of submersion. When the next group of personnel was retrieved with harnesses, they reported [DATA EXPUNGED] (see Document 874-9). Upon extraction, the group expressed elation and awe. Shortly afterward, they began to self-mutilate and exhibit violent and suicidal tendencies.
Document #874-2: Interview with D-17549
Dr ████████: Before you were extracted, what did you see behind the portal?
D-17549: Those eyes. Like they didn't care a bit. How beautiful.
Dr ████████: What eyes? Please explain what you saw thoroughly.
D-17549: And their ██████ were like little knives! And how they played against each other.
Dr ████████: D-17549, you are being uncooperative. If you do not answer the questions I'm asking you, you may have to suffer an early termination.
D-17549: Ah, yes. That would be nice. Please, ask away.
Dr ████████: What did you see whe - wait, did you say "nice"?
D-17549: We saw quite a large number of [DATA EXPUNGED]. Now, I helped you; will you help me?
Dr ████████: You aren't in any position to be making requests.
D-17549: I would very much like to see things the way the ████████ down there do. Just tell those men with the guns to put a bullet in me.
D-17549 starts bashing his head against the desk. Dr ████████ backs away from the table. D-17549 tackles him and is shot by security.
« SCP-873 | SCP-874 | SCP-875 »
Item #: SCP-875
Object Class: Safe
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-875 is to be marked on all maps as a military base, and all satellite images taken of the area are to be altered according to Procedure Watson-24. Any civilians approaching SCP-875 are to be brought into Foundation custody and dosed with a Class-A amnestic. After dosage, civilians are to be returned to the nearest city to SCP-875, █████.
SCP-875-1 stings are to be treated by on-site medical personnel using alkali prescribed in Medical Chart 875-1-1. In extreme cases, amputation of affected limbs is authorized.
No research personnel are to enter SCP-875 without an escort of two (2) members of security. Six (6) maintenance personnel are to be on duty in SCP-875's reactor room at all times. SCP-875's reactor is to be checked for breaches each hour. In the event of a breach, SCP-875 is to be evacuated immediately.
In the event of specimens of SCP-875-3 becoming active, security personnel are to respond immediately and subdue specimens in a non-fatal manner. Specimens are then to be transported to Site ██, where research staff will take over the operation.
Description: SCP-875 is an underground pyramid estimated to be ████ years old and located in the ████████ Desert. No evidence of SCP-875's construction exists in records from the period, although evidence suggests that SCP-875 was man-made. The outer layer of SCP-875 is made of regular sandstone, but possesses an inner layer composed of an as-yet unknown alloy.
The first floor of SCP-875, accessible through the entrance tunnel, possesses the layout of a maze or labyrinth. Mechanisms contained within the floor and walls of the maze alter the configuration of this floor every forty-eight (48) hours. Notably, the hallways in this section of the structure appear to have been constructed with entities much taller than humans in mind. Several pressure plates and hidden levers are capable of opening certain sections of the maze and releasing swarms of SCP-875-1.
SCP-875-1 are small flying insect-like creatures approximately six (6) centimeters in length and three (3) grams in mass. Their appearance bears no similarity to any known species, suggesting extraterrestrial origin. SCP-875-1 possess a highly acidic sting that has been observed to cause severe damage to nerves and tendons. Due to their swarming behaviour, SCP-875-1 attacks can and have resulted in complete liquefaction of limbs.
Due to previous use of explosives, access to the second floor of SCP-875 is not difficult, provided the breached location can be accessed in the maze's current configuration. The second floor of SCP-875 is home to four large vats containing a liquid similar in appearance to water. This liquid will hereafter be referred to as SCP-875-2. Exposure of humans to SCP-875-2 results in effects similar to an amnestic, but with the additions of a sense of satisfaction and happiness.
What appear to be maintenance tunnels lead down to the third floor of SCP-875, which contains a large nuclear reactor that takes up most of the level. This reactor appears to be self-cooling, as it had not experienced meltdown in the period between SCP-875's desertion and its rediscovery by the Foundation. Nevertheless, measures have been undertaken to monitor and maintain this reactor, which appears to power the machinery on the first, second and fourth floors.
Tunneling through the base of the third floor has revealed a small chamber containing what seem to be ten (10) cryogenic stasis chambers arranged in a circle formation. Each stasis chamber contains a large insectoid creature roughly three (3) meters in height and two hundred and forty (240) kilograms in weight. Three (3) specimens appear to have died and heavily decomposed through failure of the stasis chambers and several of the specimens are heavily injured. These creatures are to be referred to as SCP-875-3. (For further information on SCP-875-3 biology, see Autopsy 875-3-1.)
Analysis of several images carved onto the walls of SCP-875's first floor.
Item #: SCP-877
Object Class: Euclid Keter
Special Containment Protocols: All copies of SCP-877 are to be kept in electromagnetically sealed containers in the Site-19 storage vault. Containers are to be fitted with radio receivers set to scan all frequencies for incoming or outgoing transmissions. A log of previously used frequencies is to be kept on file. Any transmission from any copy of SCP-877 is to be reported immediately to Site-19 command. All efforts are to be made to capture as many specimens of SCP-877 as possible, to determine any of the object's other abilities.
Description: SCP-877 is a set of four ten twelve microchips acquired between 199█ and 201█ from the cerebral cortices of different small mammals. Animals found to contain copies of SCP-877 include, but are not limited to, Sciurus carolinensis (the eastern gray squirrel), Felis catus (the domestic cat), and Eumops perotis (the western mastiff bat). The microchips are unmarked except for small stamps, readable only by electron microscope, that read “ALEXYLVA UNIVERSITY BIOLOGY DEPT,” followed by “GENERATION” and a number. However, no records exist of an institution named “Alexylva University.” Moreover, the abilities of these microchips are beyond the technological capability of any known laboratory to create.
Copies of SCP-877 have a potential processing speed of 3.3x10██ million instructions per second at ██ terahertz and storage capability estimated at ███ petabytes. The chips are capable of interfacing with and controlling the motor functions of host creatures, though it will usually allow the animals' instincts to carry out routine affairs (eating, nesting, mating).
SCP-877 has only primarily been noted to take over its host for the purpose of propagating itself (see Addendum 877-2). The mechanism by which this takes place is unknown, but the behavior associated is well-documented. A host animal will approach another animal and immobilize it by the most expedient means available to it. The host will bite the creature somewhere on the head, making blood contact between the animals. The original host will release the animal after ten minutes.
Within twenty-four hours, a new copy of SCP-877 will emerge in the new host; the chip will be slightly smaller and the generation number will have advanced by one. The highest generation number located to date is █ (see Addendum 877-2 for update), and each chip appears to be capable of propagating itself six times, implying that the total population of SCP-877 may be in the millions tens of millions.
Addendum 877-1: Recovery Log: The first copy of SCP-877 located was discovered by zoological researchers at the University of [REDACTED] in Tennessee in 199█ during a typical dissection. Its unusual presence inside the creature drew the attention of Foundation scientists, who determined it to be a first generation chip. Analysis of unusual energy readings from the chip led to scanning for radio transmissions with a frequency of [REDACTED], leading to the capture of two more chips. Instances of SCP-877 began changing frequencies repeatedly; however, having several specimens in captivity made tracking easier.
Addendum 877-2: Update Log
Item #: SCP-881
Object Class: Euclid
Special Containment Procedures: All instances of SCP-881 are stored in Daleth Basement of Site-35. Daleth Basement's air and water filters must be checked and cleaned weekly, as well as after any research extraction or insertion. SCP-881 instances grow their own food provided the artificial sunlight is continually functioning.
Description: SCP-881 is composed of 9891 instances, each representing part of the former human, animal, and plant life of the cities of ███████ and ████████, which underwent a spatio-physical transformation during the containment and destruction of SCP-███-D. The instances of SCP-881 have been shrunk to a fraction of their former size: the scale varies from subject to subject, such that the largest human is roughly 15 cm tall and the smallest is roughly 2.5 mm tall.
The physical conditions that allow for SCP-881's continued existence have been detailed by Dr. Forbes in [DATA EXPUNGED]. The "Forbes effect" allows the SCP-881 instances to breathe regular air, metabolize regular or differently-scaled food and water, and otherwise interact with matter in different scales. SCP-881 instances can communicate verbally, though the smallest instances are nearly inaudible to anyone but themselves.
Self-aware instances of SCP-881 are numbered individually, in order to keep track of social relationships. Since the incident and subsequent isolation, instances of SCP-881 have formed a distinct social structure between themselves. Instances SCP-881-2166 and SCP-881-1144 are currently nominated the "leaders" and managers of the population.
Excerpts of Incident Log
Item #: SCP-882
Object Class: Euclid
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-882 is to be kept in a fluid environment at all times, consisting of no less than 40% seawater. Object is to be kept suspended by non-metallic means, currently cotton fiber line that is to be changed daily. Object is also to be checked daily for any signs of rust flaking. If any part of SCP-882 appears uncoated with rust, it must immediately be immersed in a 100% seawater solution. Water must be taken directly from the ocean. Reduce concentration only when the object is again coated in rust.
No metal may be placed in containment area. Only organic materials are allowed in containment area, and any contact with SCP-882 requires the use of thick cotton gloves. Any metal making contact with it is to be heat-severed, melted down, and kept immersed in 100% seawater in a separate area.
Any auditory issues reported by staff must be reported immediately, and affected personnel must submit to a full psychological examination and, depending on results, either transfer to another facility or permanent containment at [EXPUNGED].
Description: SCP-882 appears to be a random assembly of gears, cables, pulleys, screws, and belts, all made of an amalgam of various metals. Object's size at time of recovery was approximately eighty-seven cubic meters. Current size is approximately twelve cubic meters. SCP-882 rusts quickly in seawater. No identifiable energy source has been found, but all components will begin to move if not coated in rust. SCP-882 is completely silent at all times, no matter what level of activity SCP-882 reaches.
Any metal touching the object will become permanently affixed to it, and over a period of a few days becomes a new part of the object. Organic matter remains unaffected. SCP-882 is extremely resilient, with tensile strength and toughness above those of aircraft grade titanium alloy by weight, even though its composition appears to be a random alloy of iron, tin, gold, and other metals, some as of yet unidentified. Extreme, focused heat must be applied over several hours to cut even a small portion free of the main assembly.
Persons remaining in the vicinity of the object for prolonged periods have developed auditory hallucinations while near the object, mainly the sound of grinding and clicking. The sound intensifies, and is abated only by throwing metal into the object. Subjects in advanced states of psychosis have thrown themselves into the object, resulting in almost instant death by crushing. The body is often drawn in, and impossible to recover.
SCP-882 was recovered from a location at the north-east coast of Banks Island. Area was barren of all metal and metallic ore in a one mile radius. SCP-882 was found at the geometric center of the area. SCP-882 had become submerged in seawater at the time of discovery. A small town was found nearby, abandoned for several years. SCP-882 was removed, and shortly started to flake off rust, causing the varied parts to begin motion. After several accidents, Dr. Gears authorized SCP-2519 to be played on loop, which successfully reduced the object's motion, enabling safe access. SCP-882 was then cut down and contained on site.
Note: SCP-882 is not to be brought into the vicinity of SCP-271 or any subject possibly contaminated by SCP-217.
Addendum: Please review Interview 882-1 for further information.
« SCP-881 | SCP-882 | SCP-883 »
Item #: SCP-885
Object Class: Euclid
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-885 is contained within a welded steel container in Storage Area ██-██. The storage area must be kept at negative pressure at all times to reduce possibility of escape. Air movement within the storage area is to be monitored at all times.
Description: SCP-885 is a living creature of unknown composition that displaces all fluids (liquids and gases) within its perimeter. Analysis of the interior of the creature has shown no phenomena consistent with known matter: it is, for all intents and purposes, a complete vacuum.
Extensive sonar imaging has shown SCP-885's perimeter to be a cloud of about two hundred ovoid elements, which intersect and divide arbitrarily. Whether it is a single creature or a swarm is unknown; experiments to isolate one of the ovoids from the main mass are underway.
SCP-885's perimeter contains the pressure differential, and it can manipulate this difference in pressure to move itself. It can move through all known fluids and permeate through porous solids such as concrete, but metal or tempered glass can contain it. Items fully immersed within SCP-885 behave as they would within a vacuum.
SCP-885 is attracted to living, breathing creatures. When it identifies a prey - possibly by perceiving atmospheric vibrations - it seeks to surround the creature. Once it has surrounded its prey, it extracts all fluids and gases still clinging to folds or pores by negative pressure, and kills it by hypoxia and ebullism. It will actively hunt down escaping prey - SCP-885 can move up to 12 m/s in a standard atmosphere, less in denser air. Once a prey is killed, SCP-885 loses interest in it; it is not known how or whether it draws any kind of sustenance from these acts.
Addendum:
Item #: SCP-887
Object Class: Safe
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-887 may be kept in standard quarters. Personnel must take care he feeds himself and uses the facilities at regular intervals, as he'll frequently forget to do so (Full feeding, cleaning and exercise schedule annexed). SCP-887 must have writing materials available to him at all times, to avoid unnecessary confrontations and ensure continual research. Used paper should be sent to analysis at least biweekly.
Description: SCP-887 is a man in his late forties, born in ███████, Russia. His left arm and left side of his face are partially paralyzed, resulting in slurred speech. SCP-887 recently emerged from a 17-year coma in ████████ Hospital, St. Petersburg, displaying nearly-complete mental recuperation aside from extreme hypergraphia. Subject claims he was conscious during the entire length of his coma, receiving communications from an unknown source; his hypergraphia is attributed to him writing down all that was told to him during this period.
SCP-887 is amiable, but has trouble keeping track of long conversations and cannot be taken off his work for more than fifteen minutes at a time. The subject is adamant about his process, going as far as writing on the walls with his own blood if writing implements are unavailable.
SCP-887's output includes text, drawings, mathematical equations, and engineering blueprints. Several display knowledge of languages and concepts he was not educated in or that he would not have been aware of while interned. When questioned about the contents of his work, he claims to have forgotten or not known more than what's written down.
Interview 887-a
Item #: SCP-890
Object Class: Euclid
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-890 is currently housed at Site-17. SCP-890 is to be kept in a 5 x 6 meter cell furnished with a bed, a nightstand, two (2) bookcases complete with medical textbooks and a writing desk, all of which were originally furnished by the subject. Subject is disallowed from contact with any mechanical, artificial, or otherwise non-living SCPs, as well as any Foundation equipment, under any circumstances, except during approved surgical procedures. Any observation of SCP-890 must be done in person and any notes taken must be on paper.
SCP-890 may have access to the medical bay for any surgeries scheduled in advance with consent of any level 4 personnel, barring emergency conditions which may arise requiring those facilities to be otherwise in use. Staff wishing to introduce an object to SCP-890 must first gain approval from level 4 personnel. Anyone attempting to meet with SCP-890 without prior approval will be subject to disciplinary measures up to transfer to a new site.
In order to promote better behavior and cooperation with containment procedures, it is permissible to occasionally provide SCP-890 with a piece of intentionally damaged equipment for repair.
Description: SCP-890 appears to be a male Caucasian between 35 and 45 years of age and approximately 1.75 meters tall. Subject is generally unremarkable, showing typical signs of aging, except for its eyes, which are achromatic, appearing gray. Personnel should avoid mentioning this, as it seems to cause subject some distress. Subject is typically dressed in surgical scrubs, green in color, and is often seen still wearing a surgical cap and mask.
When given a set of standard medical tools, SCP-890 is able to operate on machines as though they were composed of living flesh. Testing confirms that any medical supplies used by SCP-890 will have this effect. Subject appears to be capable of operating on any machine requiring some kind of energy to operate, whether powered by clockwork, steam, electricity, or [REDACTED].
During an operation, objects appear to be transmuted to living tissue, including skin, bone, musculature, and other organ systems, as well as blood and nervous tissue. Similarly, tissue may be removed and discarded, but will not revert to its original mechanical form. DNA testing on discarded tissue samples reveals [DATA EXPUNGED]. Tissue transmutation appears to be related to position within the object, such as the outermost material becoming like skin, regardless of the type of material. Observation by Foundation medical personnel indicates that the organs present in the object do not correspond to known organs in living animals.
The results of SCP-890's surgeries seem to yield fairly mixed results. In approximately 20% of all cases the object may "die" on the table, rendering it inoperable. If such an outcome occurs, no amount of repairs, even by technicians specifically trained to maintain and repair the item, will ever return it to working condition; it can, however, be disassembled and used for parts. In some cases, complications may arise from an operation, causing either unexpected or undesirable operation in the object; these can usually be corrected by SCP-890 with one or more additional procedures.
In all cases, objects must heal for a period of time before becoming fully operable again. How long this takes appears to be dependent on how many moving parts a device has, with solid state electronics recovering more quickly than complicated mechanical objects. Recovery time is significantly shorter than expected for similarly complex procedures performed on humans, typically taking only a few hours; however, more complicated devices may require a few days to fully recover.
SCP-890 displays an unusual ability to locate objects which it claims are in need of its services. Before performing surgery, SCP-890 will interview the object. Video logs show a typical, although one-sided, surgery consult where SCP-890 asks the object several routine questions about the object's health and the nature of its problems. Afterward, SCP-890 will give a series of options to the object, make a few notes, and then report back. At no time has an object been recorded or perceived to respond to SCP-890's questioning.
Subject displays an apparent apathy toward humans and other living creatures, stating it cannot operate on "animals" because it is "a surgeon, not a [veterinarian]".
SCP-890 came to the attention of the Foundation through the use of a routine keyword search before it was scheduled to stand trial in ████████, ██, for the murder of [REDACTED] on March 1█, 20██. Subject was performing an "emergency surgery" to save the "life" of a pacemaker, killing [REDACTED] in whom it was installed in the process. Subsequent testing revealed that the pacemaker is once again fully operational. See INTERVIEW LOG 890-01 for more information.
Date: March 2█, 20██
Interviewee: SCP-890
Interviewer: Dr. ███████
[BEGIN LOG]
Item #: SCP-892
Object Class: Euclid
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-892 is to be contained within maximum security vault ████-██-████ located ████ meters beneath Site ██. All O5 personnel are to be issued a magnetic Access Key coupled with an individual Passcode. A minimum of three (3) O5 Overseer personnel Access Keys and corresponding Passcodes are required to begin a 48 hour unlock sequence to grant access to SCP-892. Should all thirteen O5 Overseer personnel Access Keys and corresponding Passcodes be entered simultaneously, vault will unlock immediately.
Access to SCP-892 is permitted strictly under O5 supervision and for the sole purpose of attempting to identify the location of SCP-892-2. In the event that the SCP-892-2 is located, all O5 personnel are to be alerted and Mobile Task Force Mu-4 (aka "Debuggers") is to be dispatched.
In the event of containment breach, SCP-892 is to be defended at all costs. The risk of SCP-892 falling into the wrong hands could have catastrophic results for the Foundation as a whole, as well as the rest of the world. In the unlikely event that Site ██ is to be overrun, SCP-892 is to be decommissioned immediately.
Unauthorized access is grounds for immediate termination.
Description: SCP-892 is an Amstrad 286 Personal Computer with accompanying mouse and keyboard, running a version of Microsoft Excel 92. Attempts to export and import save files result in corruption of said files. Attempts to install and uninstall software are likewise met with failure.
Upon its discovery, SCP-892 was found containing a single .xls save file titled "ESO%HF-V6.31.01", hereby designated SCP-892-1. This save file is impossible to delete, copy, rename, export, modify, or overwrite in any shape or form. Although creating additional .xls files is possible, none have thus far shown similar anomalous properties. Contained within each cell of SCP-892-1 is a string of information written in plain-text English. Each cell, as well as the contained string, is believed to correspond to a currently living individual. This string can contain information as mundane as what that individual ate for breakfast, their occupation, or their shoe size, to information as personal as their first sexual encounter, a thought they had that morning, or their greatest phobia. These cells refresh daily, displaying a different string of information each time. Should a recorded individual die, the corresponding cell will, upon the next refresh, display their name, and time and cause of death.
At the time of discovery, SCP-892-1 was found to contain approximately 84,500 by 84,500 cells, slightly over 7 billion. Despite the belief that each cell corresponds to a single person, this amount was greater than Earth's estimated population at the time. Additional rows and columns have appeared regularly since then, the rate of growth slightly greater than that of Earth's population.
Cell A/1 suggests that SCP-892 itself is not the source of SCP-892-1's information, but rather is connected to a server, designated SCP-892-2. How SCP-892 connects to SCP-892-2 is currently unknown. Cell A/2 suggests that upon entering a password, the higher functions of SCP-892-1 may be accessed. Cells refresh daily at 12:00 a.m. Pacific time.
Cells of Interest:
Item #: SCP-893
Object Class: Safe
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-893 may freely roam the facility under the supervision of site personnel. Pre-existing instances of SCP-893-X are housed in nurseries at Site-17. Any new instances of SCP-893-X are to be placed into Foundation custody immediately terminated.
Tissue samples taken from SCP-893 should be contained within five minutes of extraction.
Description: SCP-893 is a 39-year-old Hispanic male who calls himself ████. Subject is a balding, overweight male with green eyes.
SCP-893-X was initially discovered by ████ shortly after having severed from SCP-893's fourth and fifth fingers on his right hand during a work related incident at a construction site. The subject claims to have brought the fingers back to his home and put them on ice, neglecting to visit a hospital due to "personal reasons". ████ observed his severed ring finger developing a clear fluid around its mass before taking on the form of what appeared to be a diminutive human fetus. Repeated testing and research have revealed that SCP-893's account is factual.
SCP-893 exhibits very crude regenerative capabilities; Experiment Log: 893-452 is to be referenced for detailed information about the stumps.
Any appendages or substantial amounts of living tissue liberated from SCP-893 undergo an accelerated process similar to clonal fragmentation. Smaller amounts of tissue produce less intelligent, shorter lived clones, while opposite results are achieved from larger amounts of tissue. These instances, henceforth referred to as SCP-893-X, on average, age and grow 20 times faster than a human being, and are usually all but completely consumed in cancerous tissue and deformed by the end of their extremely short life cycles. 893-X exhibit limited intelligence although many instances identify by SCP-893's name.
Addendum 893-███: 2805/1967
Research: Intelligence assessment.
Dr. ███████: Hello. How are you?

SCP-893-245 appears to stare at the interviewer vacantly.

Dr. ███████: How are you?

SCP-893-245: Tonee.

Dr. ███████: Repeat that please?

SCP-893-245 begins to produce guttural noises similar to laughter.
Dr. ███████ motions to security personnel: Non sapient, recover the [DATA EXPUNGED].

SCP-893-245: Páe-

[REDACTED]

Dr. ███████: Bring in 893-352 as scheduled.
Snippets from 893-003 agreement:
Item #: SCP-900
Object Class: Euclid
Special Containment Procedures: Site-78 encompasses the entirety of the areas of SCP-900 that have not been submerged. The perimeter is to be surrounded by electric fencing. Two snipers are to be stationed at each guard tower during daylight hours, with four during nighttime hours. SCP-900-1's quarters near the River Gate are to be guarded by 2 armed agents at all times. Personnel are authorized to administer Class C amnestics to any and all trespassers. Trespassers are to be taken to the police station in [REDACTED].
Description: SCP-900 is an abandoned city located on and around an island ███ km southwest of [REDACTED] Province, Indonesia. Its total area is approximately 150 km2. Foundation archaeologists estimate SCP-900 was most likely built between ██████ and █████ BCE and collapsed between ████ and ████ BCE. Multiple ancient and medieval historians have made possible mention of SCP-900's destruction, including Thucydides and St. Bede (see Document CTE5-86).
The majority of SCP-900's structures are no longer standing. Remains of stairs, granite block foundations, and a few archways are still intact. At its height, the city was surrounded by stone walls and was divided into three districts: the temple district, the market district, and the housing district. SCP-900's largest structure, Temple 1, was the main center of worship. Two smaller temples (Temples 2 - 7) exist in each of SCP-900's districts, and 52 smaller shrines are found outside SCP-900's walls. Three of SCP-900's gates have been destroyed, but the "Grey Gate" and the "River Gate" remain intact. The Grey Gate was apparently used for common people and the River Gate served as a harbor.
SCP-900's boundaries are marked by a disruption of electronic equipment, including but not limited to loss of function, shutdown, distortion or amplification of display devices, et cetera. Audio equipment within 3 km of Site-78 may sporadically experience incidental "white noise" signals across multiple frequencies.
SCP-900-1, a female humanoid, is the sole resident of SCP-900 and the source of much of the information regarding SCP-900's history. SCP-900-1 speaks and writes an unknown language, and she has cooperated with Dr. Kipp and Researcher Liddell to create a word list with corresponding pictograms. SCP-900-1 resists shows of force by [DATA EXPUNGED]. SCP-900-1 will not attempt to leave Site-78 under any circumstances.
SCP-900-1 was [SECTION REMOVED BY O5 ORDER. CLEARANCE LEVEL 5 REQUIRED FOR ACCESS]
Item #: SCP-902
Object Class: Keter
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-902 has been relegated to Arctic Base Theta-12, the only SCP to be contained at this site. The site is to be staffed by a team of fifty security personnel. At this time, no research is to be done on SCP-902. Knowledge of SCP-902 beyond its number is to be limited to level three staff and lower. It is imperative that only a limited number of Senior Staff know of the existence of SCP-902. Only one O5 is allowed to know about SCP-902 at any time. In the event of a security breach from inside Arctic Base Theta-12, the onsite hydrogen bomb is to be detonated remotely. SCP-902 must be guarded at all times against premature destruction.
Description: SCP-902 is a box roughly the size of an adult human head. It measures 30 cm x 15 cm x 19 cm. It appears to be an ammunition box of a type used roughly thirty years ago, despite this item having been in Foundation custody for roughly sixty years. SCP-902 is made of lead. The composition of the item inside SCP-902 is unknown. SCP-902 emits what has been described as a 'ticking' sound, and anyone who hears this sound becomes convinced that the item is counting down. When opened, the box appears empty. However, the ticking remains, the object continues counting down. Anyone who becomes aware of SCP-902, whether through personal interaction, or by reading this report, becomes convinced that whatever is in the box is horribly dangerous, and needs to be destroyed as soon as it finishes counting down, and not before. Staff exposed to SCP-902 will typically continue to attempt to open and then close the box, trying to find the object inside.
There is no object. There is an object. It has to be destroyed, when the countdown stops. We are doing great work. We have to be stopped.
« SCP-901 | SCP-902 | SCP-903 »
Item #: SCP-903
Object Class: Euclid
Special Containment Procedures: Access to either side of SCP-903 is to be restricted to authorized research personnel only. The entrances must be sealed and kept under surveillance at all times. During testing, under no circumstances are personnel to enter SCP-903 or attempt to cross it. Any persons attempting unauthorized entry will be subject to lethal force. Any test subject or item that has passed through or emerges from SCP-903 must be immediately destroyed once testing is concluded.
Description: SCP-903 is an incomplete Site-19 utility tunnel that connects the SCP Containment Wing with the Lambda Laboratory Wing. The tunnel is three meters in diameter, fifty meters long, and buried approximately five meters underground. Because of its incomplete nature, SCP-903 is an empty concrete tunnel that contains no piping, wiring, or other utility equipment. SCP-903 also contains an old rail system that consists of a single monorail that spans the entire length of SCP-903.
SCP-903 was originally used as a discreet and secure method of transporting SCPs from the Containment Wing directly to the Lambda Laboratory Wing. However, this practice was discontinued shortly after Incident 903-1, where the presiding personnel violated standard operating procedure and transported several SCPs at once, rather than one at a time. The resulting incident is most likely what caused SCP-903 to obtain its current anomalous properties.
At first glance, SCP-903's most obvious feature is the fact that the entire tunnel is completely visible, despite the lack of any internal lighting. The lighting appears to be emanating from the white line of paint spiraling around the tunnel walls. It is unclear how this phenomenon works. The monorail systems still functions as normal. However, if an item or organism is placed inside the monorail car and sent through SCP-903, the monorail will suddenly and inexplicably stop in the middle of the tunnel. The anomalous illumination will then deactivate, reducing visibility inside SCP-903 to zero. Attempts to use external lighting or image enhancement technology such as infrared or night vision equipment have proven ineffective in observing SCP-903 during this state. After approximately fifteen seconds, the anomalous illumination and the monorail cart will reactivate, and the cart will continue on its path like normal. However, the item or organism that was previously placed inside the cart will be missing with no trace.
After an indeterminate amount of time, SCP-903 will activate the monorail cart on its own. Once the cart reaches the center of SCP-903, the illumination will shut down for fifteen seconds similar to a deliberate activation. When SCP-903 reactivates, the monorail cart will contain a new item (designated SCP-903-X) and in most cases, an elaborately handwritten note.
The instances of SCP-903-X SCP-903 generates are all universally anomalous in nature, and each instance possesses different anomalous properties. However, each instance's properties seem to consistently match properties of SCPs that had previously been transported through SCP-903 prior to Incident 903-11. Once the instances of SCP-903-X are removed from SCP-903, they will deteriorate and lose their anomalous properties after approximately two hours, assuming they weren't already destroyed beforehand.
The handwritten notes included with the instances of SCP-903-X suggest that SCP-903 is somehow connected with a sapient entity capable of manufacturing instances of SCP-903-X. Attempts to trace the source of the notes based on composition of the ink and paper, as well as handwriting analysis, have so far failed to produce any results. However, the handwritten notes are not anomalous and do not deteriorate like instances of SCP-903-X.
SCP-903-1: A pineapple that autonomously launches itself at any individual that makes a subjectively bad joke.
Accompanying Note: I thought the tomatoes were such a hoot, so I thought I'd give it a try with a different fruit.
SCP-903-5: A shard of obsidian carved into a humanoid shape. Whenever an individual cuts themselves on its edge, SCP-903-5 morphs into a perfect image of that individual.
Accompanying Note: For the price of a little pain, you'll have a little buddy to keep you sane.
SCP-903-12: A bronze key that weighs 90 tonnes.
Accompanying Note: With this you can open any door, if you have the strength to get it off the floor.
SCP-903-20: A pack of "Blue Lady" brand cigarettes with a picture of a blue haired female with one eye. Anybody who smokes one of these cigarettes is temporarily afflicted with a condition where they are convinced a one eyed woman is staring at them.
Accompanying Note: Take a puff if you dare, if you can withstand her unbreakable stare.
All other instances of SCP-903-X omitted. For a full list please file a request to Dr. Ryan.
Addendum: After four years of containment and testing, as well as cataloging all instances of SCP-903-X produced, SCP-903 reactivates and produces only a single, handwritten note.
Even the greatest minds can lose their inspiration. Can you please help an artist in desperation?
« SCP-902 | SCP-903 | SCP-904 »
Item #: SCP-908
Object Class: Safe
SCP-908 during a period of unusual atmospheric clarity
Special Containment Procedures: The vicinity of each location of SCP-908 is to be patrolled by a marine vessel crewed and equipped in accordance with the specifications in Document 908.2321.AE4C. Audio and video monitoring equipment are to be placed on the islet and repaired or replaced as necessary.
Description: SCP-908 is a partially-submerged rocky islet. The exposed rock above the waterline measures approximately 30 meters in length and 25 meters in width, and rises to a height of approximately 22 meters above the waterline. The rock is composed of granite. The vertical rock face contains carved inscriptions in the Old Ge'ez script which are too eroded to be read clearly but appear to indicate that the rock was visited by Ethiopians in the fourth or fifth century BCE. Near the waterline, there are also carved glyphs that resemble the oracle bone script used in Shang-dynasty China, but the weathering of the carvings indicates that they were added relatively recently, probably within the past two centuries. The only macro-organisms inhabiting the islet are various lichens and small mollusks, although portions of the islet are also covered with seabird guano.
The islet is a geographic anomaly; it is located in several different places at once. The islet's colocation properties extend to objects in physical contact or close physical proximity to the islet. Investigations have shown that at present, the islet is concurrently located at the following terrestrial locations:
The islet also appears to be located at at least one non-terrestrial location; see test log.
Atmospheric and water temperatures, and the salinity of the surrounding water, remain relatively constant regardless of the time of day or year that the islet is visited, or the point of origin from which it is approached. The islet is also typically surrounded by a mist or fog which, even under the best lighting conditions, limits visibility to no more than 40 to 50 meters. Lighting conditions vary, at unpredictable intervals, from a condition comparable to a foggy, overcast day to total darkness.
SCP-908 Test Log
Item #: SCP-909
Object Class: Euclid
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-909 is to be contained in a standard humanoid containment cell. No writing materials are to be allowed inside the cell. A short summary of SCP-909's current situation is to be pasted on the wall beside the bed. Extras are to be provided if the previous summary is removed by SCP-909. SCP-909 is to be fed three times daily with any peanut-free meal. If SCP-909 is seen attempting to write or draw, he is to be incapacitated through non-lethal means.
Currently experimentation with SCP-909's effects has been discontinued, due to risk of containment breach. Research may be conducted if the current Site Director's approval is given.
As of current regulations on "Misters", SCP-909 is to be contained in Hall ██ of Site-██.
Description: SCP-909 appears to be a young adult Caucasian male suffering from permanent anterograde amnesia. SCP-909 seems to be aware of his condition but cannot recall experiences past this, aside from memories gained due to SCP-909's effects.
SCP-909's anomalous effects become apparent when it writes down any of the experiences still in its working memory. When described through writing, experiences immediately enter SCP-909's long term memory. However, the experience disappears from the memory of all other persons involved.
SCP-909 is allergic to peanuts and will go into anaphylactic shock following the ingestion of any peanut products.
SCP-909 was discovered at Entrance [EXPUNGED] of Site-██.
Addendum 909-1: The words "Mr. Forgetful, from Little Misters ® by Dr. Wondertainment" are tattooed upon SCP-909's right calf. Upon discovery SCP-909 had been wearing a 3-piece suit with the brand name "Doctor's Orders" sewn into the tag. Foundation personnel have yet to find a clothing company operating under this name.
Addendum 909-2: Further examination of SCP-909's clothing revealed a list of other possible instances of anomalous humanoids similar to SCP-909 (See Document 909-a) inside the left pants pocket.
Addendum 909-3: Interview Log
Interviewed: SCP-909
Interviewer: Dr. ███████████
Foreword: SCP-909 was put into initial observation for seven hours, during which the subject's anterograde amnesia and relation to SCP-905 were discovered. SCP-909 was then taken in for interview.
<Begin Log>
Item #: SCP-911
Object Class: Euclid
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-911 is to be stored in a locked High-Value-Item Containment Box. It is not to be handled with bare skin unless being used in an experiment. Researchers are warned to take extreme caution when dealing with subjects created by SCP-911, due to the possibility of contamination by [DATA EXPUNGED]. See Addendum 911-2 (below).
Description: SCP-911 is a papyrus scroll of The Egyptian Book of the Dead, dating from approximately 1375 BCE. Analysis has not shown any anomalous composition of materials. When a living human makes skin contact with SCP-911, in 90% of cases, their personality, memory, and higher brain functions - "consciousness", for lack of a better term - are drawn into the scroll, leaving a body with no higher brain function. Unless kept on life support, affected subjects die of dehydration in approximately 3 days.
There is a 10% chance that contact with SCP-911 will exchange the mind and personality of the subject making contact with that of one previously stored in the scroll. Personae recovered from SCP-911 are described in Addendum 911-1, and these subjects must be kept in Foundation custody, both for study and for their own safety.
Only D-Class Personnel should be used in experiments with SCP-911, due to the low probability of ever recovering the consciousness of the original subject. Due to the interview with Subject 911-4, no further experimentation is to take place without O5 approval.
Addendum 911-1: Recovered Subjects from SCP-911:
Item #: SCP-912
Object Class: Safe
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-912 is to be kept at Research Unit ██ in a standard containment cell. The cell door must have a damage resistance rating of 3A or above. Direct physical handling of SCP-912 causes a potentially dangerous reaction and should be avoided except as part of an authorized testing protocol.
All researchers involved in SCP-912 must receive briefing SCP-912-002A (“Safe Handling of SCP-912”) and SCP-912-002B (“Dealing with ‘Arrest’ Behaviour by SCP-912”). In the event of “arrest” by SCP-912, researchers are to offer minimal resistance and await rescue by an associate wearing the uniform of the ██PD.
Experiments that involve the use of firearms or the CQ firing range require authorization from Dr ███████ at least 24 hrs in advance in order to permit route clearance and schedule deconfliction.
Description: SCP-912 consists of several items of police-issue body armour, clothing and equipment that together form a discrete entity capable of independent movement and action. Both the method by which this ability has been acquired and means by which it is achieved have yet to be identified. The elements that comprise SCP-912 conform to the standards of uniform worn by the ██PD SWAT as of ██/20██ (the approximate date of acquisition). Uniform elements float in mid-air as though worn by a man or woman around 185 cm (6'1") in height, but no such presence can be detected. SCP-912 does not directly respond to communication attempts, but will follow simple orders in English given by personnel wearing the uniform of an officer of the ██PD.
SCP-912 consists of the following:
In its default state, SCP-912 has been assessed to pose no hazard to health, security or risk of escape when handled in accordance with SCP-912-002A and SCP-912-002B.
If given the command "Arrest <subject>" by a person wearing the uniform of the ██PD, or in the event that SCP-912 detects an armed individual or individuals within its visual radius, it will commence “arrest” behaviour. SCP-912 will attempt to disarm and restrain the subject upon the ground, then secure their arms behind their back using a pair of PlastiCuffs. The force used in the process of this "arrest" greatly exceeds ██PD SWAT guidelines and statutory procedures. SCP-912 frequently inflicts injury to the neck, shoulder and arms of the arrested individual due to apparent unawareness or indifference to the mechanical limitations of human anatomy. Resistance on the behalf of the individual being "arrested" causes a corresponding increase in force until cessation.
SCP-912 will attack should it detect threatening or hostile behaviour towards itself or an individual wearing the uniform of the ██PD. SCP-912 deploys its telescopic steel baton and approaches the nearest armed subject at an average speed of 5 km/h. If the armed subject drops the weapon and ceases threatening behaviour before SCP-912 moves into combat range, the normal "arrest" procedure will be initiated. If the subject initiates hostile action or is still holding the weapon when SCP-912 enters combat range, SCP-912 will strike powerful blows at the head and upper arms of the subject for up to a minute after the subject loses consciousness. Once all armed subjects are subdued, "arrest" behaviour proceeds as normal.
SCP-912 considers the following to be weapons and will initiate attack behaviour upon sight: firearms; bladed weapons (including kitchen knives longer than 10 cm (4 in) in length); batons, clubs and similar blunt instruments; Tasers and pepper spray; [REDACTED]; and "joy" buzzers.
SCP-912 will initiate attack behaviour when the following are used in a "threatening" manner: power and hand tools; knotted rope; lengths of chain; brass knuckles; sports equipment (e.g. baseball bat, golf club); clipboard.
SCP-912 only permits an individual it has "arrested" to be removed from its presence by a person wearing the uniform of the ██PD. An individual wearing the appropriate uniform is not detained by SCP-912 regardless of armament, except where physical aggression is shown towards another subject wearing ██PD uniform. SCP-912 does not react to hostile actions by ██PD uniformed personnel towards non-uniformed victims and does not react to hostile actions between unarmed individuals not wearing ██PD uniform, regardless of injuries sustained.
SUMMARY OF TEST RESULTS: Threat/Response Behaviour of SCP-912 (██/██/20██)
Item #: SCP-914
Object Class: Safe
Special Containment Procedures: Only personnel who submit a formal request and receive approval from site command may operate 914. SCP-914 is to be kept in research cell 109-B with two guard personnel on duty at all times. Any researchers entering 109-B are to be accompanied by at least one guard for the entirety of testing. A full list of tests to be carried out must be given to all guard personnel on duty; any deviation from this list will result in termination of testing, forcible removal of personnel from 109-B, and formal discipline at site command’s discretion.
WARNING: At this time, no testing of biological matter is allowed. Refer to document 109-B:117. Applying the “Rough” setting to explosive materials is not advised.
Description: SCP-914 is a large clockwork device weighing several tons and covering an area of eighteen square meters, consisting of screw drives, belts, pulleys, gears, springs and other clockwork. It is incredibly complex, consisting of over eight million moving parts comprised mostly of tin and copper, with some wooden and cloth items observed. Observation and probing have showed no electronic assemblies or any form of power other than the “Mainspring” under the “Selection Panel”. Two large booths 3mx2.1mx2.1m (10ftx7ftx7ft) are connected via copper tubes to the main body of SCP-914, labeled “Intake” and “Output”. Between them is a copper panel with a large knob with a small arrow attached. The words Rough, Coarse, 1:1, Fine, and Very Fine are positioned at points around the knob. Below the knob is a large “key” that winds the “mainspring”.
When an object is placed in the Intake Booth, a door slides shut, and a small bell sounds. If the knob is turned to any position and the key wound up, SCP-914 will “refine” the object in the booth. No energy is lost in the process, and the object appears to be in stasis until the Output Booth door is opened. Intense observation and testing have not shown how SCP-914 accomplishes this, and no test object has ever been observed inside SCP-914 during the “refining” process. The process takes between five and ten minutes, depending on the size of the object being refined.
Addendum: 5/14: Dr. █████ Test Log
Input: 1kg of steel (setting: Rough)
Output: Pile of steel chunks of various sizes, appearing to be cut by laser.
Input: 1kg of steel (setting: 1:1)
Output: 1kg of steel screws
Input: 1kg of steel (setting: Fine)
Output: 1kg of steel carpet tacks
Input: 1kg of steel (setting: Very Fine)
Output: Several gases that dissipated into the air quickly, and 1 gram of an unknown metal, resistant to heat of 50,000 degrees, impossible to bend or break with any force, and a near-perfect (1.6x10-75 ρ) conductor of electricity
Input: 1 wristwatch belonging to Dr. █████ (setting: Coarse)
Output: 1 completely disassembled wristwatch
Input: 1 cellphone belonging to ███████ (setting: 1:1)
Output: 1 cellphone, although different make and model
Input: 1 standard Colt Python revolver (setting: Very Fine)
Output: [DATA EXPUNGED] Aforementioned ████████████ completely disintegrated all matter in its line of fire. Object contained with high density gamma waves.
Input: 1 white mouse (setting: 1:1)
Output: 1 brown mouse
Input: 1 chimp (setting: Fine)
Output: [DATA EXPUNGED]
Input: 1 chimp (setting: Rough)
Output: Badly mutilated corpse, showing signs of crushing and cutting with high heat
Document # 109-B:117: Dr.███ and Dr.███████ Test Log
Input: Subject D-186, male Caucasian, 42 years old, 108kg, 185cm tall. (setting: 1:1)
Output: Male Hispanic, 42 years old, 100kg, 188cm tall. Subject was very confused and agitated. Subject attacked security personnel. Subject terminated.
Input: Subject D-187, male Caucasian, 28 years old, 63kg, 173cm tall. (setting: Very Fine)
Output: [DATA EXPUNGED]. Subject escaped from test chamber, killing eight guards as well as Dr.███ and Dr.███████. Lockdown initiated. Subject causes containment failure of three SCP areas in continued escape attempt. Special response team engages subject, resulting in severe wounding of subject, partial memory loss in special response team members and corrosive damage to plumbing. Subject expired several hours later, dissolving into blue ash and blinding nearby research team.
Biological testing with SCP-914 discontinued.
Note: "Because of the nature of this SCP a wide range of test data would be helpful. Dr. Gears has ordered that any researcher can have access for non-biological testing if they themselves are or they are supervised by a Level 3 researcher. All testing is to be recorded in file #914-E (Experiment Log 914). Biological testing will continue only with prior clearance by 05 Command. As long as you want to try something mundane that isn't alive feel free to help accumulate data." - Dr. █████
« SCP-913 | SCP-914 | SCP-915 »
Item #: SCP-919
Object Class: Safe
Special Containment Procedures: [REVISED] as of ██/██/████ due to [DATA EXPUNGED]. SCP-919 is to be kept in a locked storage room with no windows and two armed guards at all times. All personnel to interact with SCP-919 must pass a psychological evaluation.
Description: SCP-919 appears to be an ordinary, full length mirror in excellent condition.
Once a living subject has been in front of SCP-919 for 15 seconds, the reflection breaks synchronization and begs for the subject not to leave. The reflection appears to be completely self-aware, and has shown to have access to all of the subject's memories. When the subject makes any move to leave, the reflection quickly becomes hysterical. Once the subject is no longer in a place where they can be reflected by SCP-919, the reflection screams and violently disintegrates. Repeated exposures to the same subject have shown that the reflection is cognizant of what happened to it before. Extended exposure to a subject has shown that the reflection has no need of sustenance, though this was detrimental to the subject's mental health.
SCP-919 was discovered after an incident in the town of █████████, ███████. The owner of SCP-919 had apparently died of dehydration. It is unclear as to when SCP-919 came into the owner's possession, or what caused it to become active, if it wasn't already. Local authorities were eager to get rid of SCP-919.
While SCP-919 has proved invulnerable to damage, its effective range can be neutralized by merely covering it. This results in the immediate disintegration of any reflection that has broken synchronization.
Multiple subjects being exposed to SCP-919 behave as expected. Each individual reflection breaks synchronization and disintegrates at the appropriate time. The use of additional mirrors has been shown to extend SCP-919's active range.
Also worth note is that SCP-919 has no ability for memetic contamination. Its apparent control over individuals is entirely verbal persuasion.
Addendum:
Item #: SCP-920
Object Class: Euclid
Special Containment Procedures: Mobile Task Force Iota-1 ("Mister Hunters") are currently tracking SCP-920's movements. Currently SCP-920's movements are being followed by satellite observation. Tracking of SCP-920 by land or air has been discontinued. Suggestions on efficient containment of SCP-920 may be submitted to Dr. █████████.
Any personnel encountering Mobile Task Force Iota-1 are to contact O5-4.
Description: SCP-920 appears to be an Asian male of indeterminable age. Transportation, movement, or direction of SCP-920 to a certain destination is physically impossible. SCP-920 shows an inability to control its own movements and will instead "wander" about, being unable to choose a destination.
Attempts at transporting SCP-920 to any destination will result in transporters becoming lost. Attempts at directing SCP-920 will result in SCP-920 becoming lost. Following SCP-920 will result in SCP-920 and the follower becoming lost.
There is no determinable point at which SCP-920's effects will take place. Seemingly random events such as malfunctioning radar systems and GPS units, earthquakes, cloud formations, and severe human negligence have all been recorded to manifest when transportation of SCP-920 has been attempted.
SCP-920 seems to have a slight psychic pull, causing subjects that come in contact with SCP-920 to feel a compulsion to "walk and talk with him". Conversing with SCP-920 is not recommended, as typically subjects will follow SCP-920 and become lost.
SCP-920 does not appear to have normal human requirements, and can "wander" through deserts, tundras, and oceans without encountering difficulties.
Addendum 920-1: SCP-920 was discovered at Entrance [EXPUNGED] of Site-██. However, during escort to Hall-██, SCP-920 escaped containment. SCP-920 was later discovered outside a small town near Site-██. Attempts at re-containment were discontinued following the disappearance of ██ personnel.
Addendum 920-2: The words "Mr. Lost, from Little Misters ® by Dr. Wondertainment" are tattooed upon SCP-920's left calf. This designation appears as "16" in document SCP-909-a. SCP-920 was originally discovered wearing a green hoodie, a white t-shirt, and jeans. The brand name "Doctor's Orders" is sewn into all tags.
Addendum 920-3: Yes, by lost we mean lost. Misplaced, disoriented, off-course, whatever you'd like to call it. No, personnel have not been sent to "another plane of infinite Misters". -Dr. █████████
Addendum 920-4: On ██/██/██ SCP-920 was restrained by Foundation personnel and Site-207 was established at his location to contain him. However, within ██ hours it became clear that personnel could not locate Site-207. After ██ days Site-207 was abandoned due to critical supply issues.
« SCP-919 | SCP-920 | SCP-921 »
Item #: SCP-921
Object Class: Euclid
Special Containment Procedures: Research Site-346 has been constructed inside SCP-921. Signs indicating volcano and earthquake hazards are to be posted around SCP-921's containment area, in order to discourage civilian visitation. Foundation agents are to be disguised as members of the Armenite State Forest Service, and are to ensure the area is vacant at all times. Interaction with instances of SCP-921-1 is permitted to all personnel who passed the general authorization process for the Site, while direct interaction with SCP-921-2 requires authorization from Site Director Dr. Siril.
Description: SCP-921 is an underground complex of rooms, tunnels and chambers of various sizes, composition and age surrounding a central chamber, located in the mountainous area near ████████, ██ . While some appear to be natural caves, others are clearly man-made, or were formed by unknown means altogether. SCP-921's anomalous nature stems from the effect the assorted objects it contains (henceforth SCP-921-1) have on those who interact with them. Many of the rooms in SCP-921 contain rock formations or underground flora (in the cave-like rooms), mundane items (in the man-made rooms) or other objects (in the unclassified rooms). These objects seem to contain "sensations" — when interacted with, each object will cause its user to experience a combination of sights, sounds, scents and other sensory inputs, as well as emotions. No lasting or harmful effects due to interaction with instances of SCP-921-1 were observed.
The central chamber of SCP-921 houses an incorporeal entity (henceforth SCP-921-2), who addresses those who enter the main chamber of SCP-921. SCP-921-2's voice originates from the ceiling of the central chamber, though no obvious source has been found. SCP-921-2 seems to serve as a sort of guide and curator to instances of SCP-921-1 housed within SCP-921; when prompted, it will provide directions to a specific object or area of SCP-921 or offer a limited explanation of the sensation contained within an individual object. The exact extent of SCP-921-2's sentience is uncertain.
SCP-921-2 refers to various sections of SCP-921 as "wings" and to instances of SCP-921-1 as "focus points". Each wing, room and object is named. New rooms and wings will occasionally appear within SCP-921, containing new focus points. These new areas of SCP-921 will always be connected to an existing wing of the same general composition.
Description: A series of large natural caves, connected by a series of tunnels, many submerged underwater. Some sections of this wing receive natural sunlight. The focus points in this subsection are stalagmite and stalactite formations.
Notable focus points:
Item #: SCP-928
Object Class: Euclid-exsequi
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-928 is kept in a glass viewing case situated at the far end of a 3m x 5m containment room at Site 80. The case can be unlocked by the concurrent use of two keys. These keys are currently held by Researcher Short and Researcher Kaplan. At least two personnel must be present at all times when SCP-928 is being interacted with.
SCP-928 must be monitored with audio and visual surveillance at all times. Recordings are to be analyzed by staff at Site 80.
All chess moves dictated by SCP-928 must be recorded in Document 928-3. Attempts to reconstruct the game that it is playing are ongoing.
Description: SCP-928 is a doll made primarily of ceramic and cloth. The eyes of the doll are capable of movement and will usually follow any person in the vicinity. SCP-928 is otherwise physically unremarkable.
Although its mouth does not move, SCP-928 is capable of producing vocalizations. These vocalizations resemble those of a middle-aged human male with an as-of-yet unidentified accent and typically consist of exchanges of pleasantries or requests for clarification of some sort. Upon review of available data, background noises have been isolated, which may imply that SCP-928 is producing recordings of some sort, rather than producing the sounds wholesale. Background noises noted so far include:
Periodically, SCP-928 will issue commands corresponding to movements in a game of Capablanca chess.1 In most cases, there will be several weeks or months between commands, but intervals have ranged from three hours to eight years. Commands are not always issued in correspondence with formal chess notation, but are comprehensible.
No link has been firmly established between the status of the match SCP-928 is playing and the vocalizations it makes. It is not currently believed to be speaking to Foundation personnel. Vocalizations deemed not notable are available in Document 928-6. No personal information about the entity or entities controlling SCP-928 has been noted.
If a human subject comes within three meters of SCP-928, SCP-928 will vanish and reappear adjacent to the subject several seconds later. However, if there is at least one additional human within three meters of the subject, SCP-928 will not exhibit this behavior. Approximately 65% of subjects exposed to this behavior have left Foundation custody through various means within four days of exposure, and none have been recovered.2 Of the 35% that remain in Foundation custody, none have died or experienced demotion of any sort.
Though technically impossible to confirm, it is generally accepted that SCP-928's commands correspond to events that occur in the real world, due to the timing of moves made by SCP-928 and the placement of [REDACTED].
Security memetic: STOLEN AND HIDDEN. CIRCUMSTANCES INDICATE TAMPERING. IMPLIES COMPETING ACCORDANCES.
Addendum: Partial list of notable vocalizations made by SCP-928.
Remaining records are sealed until further notice.
Remaining records are sealed until further notice.
Addendum: Excerpts from analysis of SCP-928 gameplay.
Document has been modified to increase readability for researchers and executives who are not intimately familiar with chess strategy and tactics.
…While SCP-928's strategy is difficult to ascertain given the very incomplete information existing regarding the game state and the actions of its opponent, I've come to the conclusion that SCP-928 is, if not highly skilled, then at least gives a very good impression of it. I would put it roughly on par with myself and slightly above Researcher Kaplan. It does not appear to possess the center squares, but I believe it is attempting to control them from the outside, suggesting influence from the hypermodern school…
…On the whole, if I were forced to make an assessment, its play style is most reminiscent of Alekhine3 , but as Alekhine did not play Capablanca chess, and I am not as well-versed in that particular variation's masters, I cannot say for sure. Given the dearth of data with which I have to work, nothing more should be expected…
…I can say very little about Black except that it seems to surpass SCP-928 in skill. While SCP-928 is very tactically precise, its opponent seems to practice a prophylactic4 style, stymieing most of White's tactics. Black controls somewhat more space than White and is most likely on the initiative…
…In short, while Black probably has fewer pieces than White, it makes use of them more effectively and has a strategic advantage over White, which I suspect results from a knowledge of its opponent superior to White's understanding of it. Unless we've significantly misjudged the game state or SCP-928 displays some unexpected skills, it will most likely lose within thirty turns. I am obviously unable to say what exactly this would entail for the doll itself or for the Foundation, considering that we are in possession of it…
Signed,
Researcher Lester Short
« SCP-927 | SCP-928 | SCP-929 »
Item #: SCP-930
Object Class: Euclid
Special Containment Procedures: An island several kilometres south has been substituted as the original island for the purposes of regional documentation. Maps or works which record otherwise are to be confiscated and destroyed, or modified to remove SCP-930's existence. Security stations have been established on █ nearby islands to observe passing vessels. Should any ship approach within 1.25 km of SCP-930, it is to be intercepted and the crew detained, pending issue of class-A amnestics. Should SCP-930-1, [REDACTED] flee from SCP-930, SCPS Guardian is authorized to commence long-range incendiary bombardment.
Description: SCP-930 is a tropical island located at 22.██████°S, 134.██████°W, formerly known as ██████████ by the local populace. SCP-930 is approximately 710 m in diameter, with a range of 680-760 m, although accurate shoreline measurements are impossible due to manifestation of SCP-930's primary effects. Refuse retrieved during exploration attempts suggest that humans may have once lived on the island. Flora consists primarily of the Poaceae and Meliaceae families; however, aerial photography of SCP-930's canopy has revealed a number of introduced species also populate the island.
Several species of birds, dubbed SCP-930-1, inhabit SCP-930. Although the island is located in the South Pacific, carcasses of species native to North America and Australia have been found washed onto the shore after presumably expiring mid-flight. Fowl introduced to the island become instances of SCP-930-1 if released for extended periods, usually 2-56 hours. Studies of social interaction between SCP-930-1 and introduced bird species show that exhibited behaviour is primarily the species' standard for a predation warning, although no fauna has been discovered on SCP-930 which preys on SCP-930-1.
Sea-faring vessels, such as boats or personal watercraft, trigger an immediate response from SCP-930-1 when approaching SCP-930's shore. SCP-930-1 entities will take flight and circle the island. Attempts to deter SCP-930-1 have no effect, including the use of gunfire and explosives. SCP-930-1 will increase in numbers steadily, reaching peak concentration roughly 7.0 minutes after the phenomenon is triggered.
SCP-930-1 activity usually covers between █.█ to ██.█ square kilometres. Ships that run aground or come to a complete stop at the shoreline will cause all active instances of SCP-930-1 to become aggressive, targeting the vessel and driving exposed crew to cover.
SCP-930-1 shows hostility towards humans after they disembark, to the extent of inflicting non-lethal wounds. It appears that SCP-930-1 will not intentionally kill humans. Extensive attacks usually result in intruders fleeing from the island. Only then will SCP-930-1 cease its activities and return to a passive state.
Addendum-930-1: On ██/██/████ EX-Y7 successfully landed on SCP-930 and retrieved █ specimens of SCP-930-1 for Foundation study. Upon further investigation of SCP-930, EX-Y7 recovered samples from ██ articles of clothing (heavily degraded), █ discarded personal electronic devices (heavily degraded, non-functional), Document-930-1 (degraded), █ human bodies (all showed evidence of massive external trauma), █ cameras (█ non-functional, 1 functional).
Document-930-1:
Item #: SCP-932
Object Class: Euclid
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-932-01 through -06-08 are to be kept in a 15 m x 15 m room with observational windows, furnished with a speaker and a bed with straps. During an observation, experimentation or interaction session, the speaker is to play a tone of 510 Hz at 100 dB (rated as 'loud') to enable visibility of SCP-932. Noise-cancelling headphones are available to participating staff on request to facilitate communication.
Once every 3 days, a D-Class personnel is to sleep in the bed in SCP-932's chamber for feeding purposes. The speakers need not be turned on for this purpose. The feeding process is never fatal; however, the straps can be utilised in case of resistance on part of the D-Class. Said personnel can be returned to normal duties afterwards.
Wild instances of SCP-932 are to be tracked down and captured alive by MTF Iota-4 ("Dream Hunters").
EDIT: Following Incident-932-002, containment breach protocols have been set. The 510 Hz tone is to be played throughout the site if a breach occurs, and all air vents or possible escape routes are to be sealed. All on-site personnel are advised to keep as calm as possible. The following changes are also to be made to SCP-932's containment: The speaker is to be affixed to the wall and play the aforementioned tone at all times and that a different D-Class personnel be used for each feeding session.
Description: SCP-932 are creatures able to adjust the refractive indices of their bodies in order to appear invisible. This ability seems to be disrupted when SCP-932 is exposed to sound; a loud (100 dB) tone of 510 Hz neutralises it completely. When visible, SCP-932 resemble pale and featureless children. Their height varies from 1.2 to 1.6 m and weigh approximately 30-40 kilograms. In large numbers, SCP-932 have been able to pin down and fully immobilise an adult human.
SCP-932 "hunts" by silently following an individual to his/her dwelling in groups of no more than 8 individuals. If necessary, SCP-932 will lie in wait near or under the victim's bed for several hours until he/she falls asleep and enters a state of rapid eye movement (REM) sleep. When the victim enters this state, the pack of SCP-932 will pin the victim down, secreting an unknown pheromone that causes the victim to wake before the REM cycle is complete.1 In most cases, the victim will be conscious but immobile, leading to a general feeling of panic. Initially, it was thought that SCP-932 fed on hormones produced by the panicking victim, but Experiment 932-04 ("Towel Test") seemed to prove otherwise. SCP-932, for all intents and purposes, feeds on fear. It is unknown how this mechanism works, or how it detects REM sleep in its victims.
SCP-932 is generally docile and does not actively attack researchers. However, if its feeding schedule is disrupted for more than 21 days, it will seem to be more aggressive and alert to its surroundings, and on occasion has tried to subdue researchers entering its containment chamber despite the researcher being completely awake at the time.
EDIT: It appears that SCP-932 prefers variation in its diet, as they seem to be more placid at the beginning of the month (when a new D-Class personnel is introduced) than at the end. Suggesting 5 D-Class be assigned to our team and taking turns in the feeding session.
—Researcher Min
Permission under consideration, given light of your recent budget scandal.
—Director Faizal
Permission granted, following events of Incident 932-02.
—Director Faizal
Incident Report 932-02:
Item #: SCP-933
Object Class: Euclid
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-933-02 and all affected subjects must be stored in a modified standard artifact containment unit that contains no electronic components. All personnel guarding SCP-933-02 and affected subjects must be equipped with standard assault rifles, a high-caliber sidearm, class 3 magnesium flares with an active duration of no less than 20 minutes, and protective goggles.
In the event of SCP-933-02 or any affected subjects escaping, all personnel are to activate their flares first and don the protective goggles second. Maximum force is authorized to restore containment.
SCP-933-01 is to be guarded in a manner identically to SCP-933-02 and the affected subjects. SCP-933-02 and the affected subjects have shown that they will always make their way directly to SCP-933-01. How they determine this path is unknown.
Description: SCP-933-01 appears to be an innocuous roll of duct tape. Attempts to unroll it by non-affected personnel have proved ineffective.
SCP-933-02 appears to be a man in a cloak who has absolutely no facial features. All affected subjects bear the same condition, but the rest of their bodies appear as they did before their incidents.
While all affected subjects have identical behavior to SCP-933-02, none of them possess its formidable strength or resilience. Affected subjects have been terminated with no more force than it would take to kill an ordinary person. During Incident-933-004, SCP-933-02 sustained 57 bullet wounds before collapsing, which it healed from over the following 238 days.
While in possession of SCP-933-01, SCP-933-02 will attempt to pin anyone it can perceive, going after the closest targets first. Once SCP-933-02 has pinned a subject, it will unroll SCP-933-01 and place it over the subject's eyes, ears, nose, or mouth, with no preference. It will then remove SCP-933-01, completely removing that facial feature. Autopsies have shown that the amount of damage is considerable, with the affected feature being completely filled in with flesh and bone. SCP-933-02 will continue to do this until it is stopped or all facial features are removed, at which point the subject is to be treated the same as the other affected subjects.
Subjects afflicted by SCP-933-01 will experience a strong compulsion to acquire SCP-933-01. This compulsion is augmented by an unexplained mechanism allowing them to locate SCP-933-01 at long distances.
For reasons unknown, SCP-933-02 has shown that it is unable to perceive living things that are within 1 meter of a 100 lumen light source. This range increases with the brightness of the light source.
SCP-933-02 has demonstrated that it can cause electronics to fail merely by being around them. This ranges from electronic lights losing power to electronic locks failing in the unlocked position. The extent of this ability is not known.
SCP-933-02 has never directly harmed any personnel, preferring to destroy their weapons and then make use of SCP-933-01.
Addendum:
Item #: SCP-935
Object Class: Euclid
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-935 is kept within a standard containment chamber, located in Site 19. It is to be monitored at all times, and in the event of a demanifestation agents are to begin monitoring all subjects known to carry Genetic Marker Bowe-1A. Genetic testing is to be done on all personnel applying for positions in the Foundation, and those who test positive for Genetic Marker Bowe-1A are to be placed under supervision by Foundation agents. If SCP-935 de-materializes, agents are instructed first to begin surveillance of all subjects carrying Genetic Marker Bowe-1A. Agents will be briefed on how to identify these individuals prior to being assigned to SCP-935's containment. When SCP-935 reappears, it is to be retrieved and returned to containment, with containment procedures being updated.
Description: SCP-935 is a box of playing cards, appearing to date from pre-1700 Germany, specifically Brandenburg. All cards composing SCP-935 are well worn, but in playable condition. On the box, the words "Know this: that I have faith in your life, and not in your death" have been written.
If any card is displaced 3m or more from the box, the entire set will instantly be teleported into SCP-935. Analysis produces no evidence of vapor or residue, and high-speed camera footage of the cards vanishing has been inconclusive. If the cards themselves are damaged or altered in any way, they will remain in the same condition until a relocation event, after which they will be restored to their original condition. In addition, any damage to SCP-935 itself will be regenerated over time. For example, tearing open SCP-935's lid resulted in the fibrous tissue of the paper becoming animated and reached out to the torn area, pulling each edge closer and intertwining, eventually reconstituting the damaged area 3 minutes and 43 seconds after the test initiated.
When a subject carrying Genetic Marker Bowe-1A reaches the age of 41, SCP-935 will teleport itself into their possession. Attempting to take it from the subject in the first 78 hours following its manifestation will result in its immediate return to the subject. All subjects who have possessed SCP-935 have gone missing within 78 hours of coming into possession of it, with one exception. During its time in containment, approximately 6 subjects have been lost after coming into possession of SCP-935, and it is estimated that an additional 67 subjects were lost prior to initial containment.
After appearing within the subjects possession, a card within SCP-935 will have detailed instructions on a specific card game to be played by the subject. These are always listed with the caveat that cheating will result in their demise. However, research into SCP-935 affected subjects show that they have all died within 78 hours of obtaining it, whether or not they completed the task. SCP-935 appears to make moves on its own, with cards being teleported into their positions as the game is played.
Addendum:
Item #: SCP-936
Object Class: Euclid
Special Containment Procedures: Specimens of SCP-936 are to be kept on the grounds of Bio Research Site-104, enclosed by a fence to prevent unauthorised access, and watered daily. Approximately once a month, the plantation is to be screened for any SCP-936-1 by two (2) D-Class personnel of adequate physical ability and SCP-936-1 are to be harvested according to site plan.
Harvested SCP-936-2 are to be incinerated if unused, can be fed to contained carnivores upon removal of seeds, which are to be incinerated.
Following Incident 936-1, the D-class personnel performing the screening are to be screened thoroughly for infectious diseases, and are to use sterile gloves and facial filters to prevent contamination.
Uncontained SCP-936 instances are to be dug out and any SCP-936-1 and SCP-936-2 incinerated. For purposes of containment, the Foundation is to ensure SCP-936 is declared an invasive species by local governments; a censored description is to be made public for this purpose.
Description: SCP-936 is a species of deciduous, self-pollinating tree resembling Fagus sylvatica, inhabiting the region of northern and eastern Europe, most notably clustering around ██████, Ukraine. SCP-936 is capable of forming clonal colonies, the ol[DATA EXPUNGED].
It has been shown that the roots of SCP-936 are host to nitrogen-fixing bacteria, similarly to the legumes - as during most of its lifecycle, the plant doesn't display any anomalous properties, checking for unusual soil nitration levels shows promise as an identification method.
SCP-936 is monoecious, and during flowering, specimens can be recognised by an unusually high male to female flower ratio - there are only several dozen female flowers, usually growing directly on older wood. Out of those, on average, less than six continue development, and it is rare for more than a single fruit to reach maturity.
The resulting fruit, classified SCP-936-1 is covered in a green cupule, and rapidly grows towards its ripe mass of app. 85 kg; SCP-936's foliage grows denser in order to cover for the energetic expenditure. Dissection has revealed the inside of SCP-936-1 contains a length of stem wrapping around a structure closely resembling a human body, designated SCP-936-2. Tissue samples obtained from SCP-936-1 physiologically resemble human tissue, possessing functionality in most aspects1, with the exception of ██████, █████ and ███████ █████ which contain a mass of brown-black seeds approximately 3cm in diameter.
As SCP-936-1 reaches maturity, the stem thickens considerably and the cupule wilts, eventually breaking, and causing SCP-936-2 to descend, hanging from the stem which in most cases wraps around its cervical region.
The appearance of SCP-936-2 produced by a single SCP-936 varies in size, visual appearance, and apparent gender with no discernible pattern.
The seeds within SCP-936-2 have a thick skin, and take approximately sixteen months to germinate. However if exposed to an acidic environment (pH < 2), germination occurs within ██ weeks.
Recovery Log: SCP-936 was first discovered near ██████, Finland, after reports of an unusually high reported suicide rate. Intelligence agent ████'s report has revealed this to be due to the statistics including a number of nude hanging victims being periodically discovered on trees in the nearby ████ forest, and the local cemetery, their identity being impossible to determine.
Suspecting a cognitohazard, a perimeter was established around said yard under the premise of widespread bark beetle infection, and the site was placed under observation. During observation period, a new corpse was discovered despite security footage showing no violations of perimeter within assumed time of death. Autopsy revealed anomalies inconsistent with human anatomy; notably, seeds located in [REDACTED]. Agent F████ noted that all victims have been found hanging from a single species of tree, and a thorough examination has resulted in the procurement several samples of unripe SCP-936-1, leading to SCP-936 classification.
MTF Xi-8 "Spearhunters" performed removal of all instances of SCP-936 within an surrounding area of 45 km sq. Obtained seeds contained at Bio Research Site-104.
Addendum 936-1:
Item #: SCP-937
Object Class: Safe
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-937 specimens are to remain at Site-92, located at [REDACTED] in Melanesia. Site-92 is listed by its host government as a UNESCO World Heritage Site and is off limits for all but selected personnel, all of whom are Foundation researchers and security staff. SCP-937 hives in the wild are to be quarantined and incinerated.
Description: SCP-937 is a strangler fig tree, closely related to Ficus watkinsiana, and has been classified as Ficus formicidae in [DATA EXPUNGED]. SCP-937 appears very similar to other strangler fig trees for most of its life cycle, although its reproductive process is unique.
When SCP-937 matures, it begins to flower and bear fruit, designated SCP-937-2. The flowers are apparently self-pollinating, as opposed to other fig trees. When developed, the "fruit" are insectoid in appearance, with a head, thorax, abdomen and six legs, growing up to five centimeters in length. SCP-937-2 specimens have a convergent anatomy with insects, including a cellulose exoskeleton, spiracles and heart analogues, but lacking a proper digestive tract. SCP-937-2 have leafy growths on the back that resemble wings, with ripe specimens hardening to a flattened wing of fibrous, papery tissue, reminiscent of a maple seed's rotors.
SCP-937-2, Forager Subtype
Once it is fully developed, an individual will detach itself temporarily and begin to walk around and tend its parent tree. SCP-937-2 will forage for plant and animal matter and use such to fertilize the roots of not only its host plant, but also any other nearby instances of SCP-937. The various subtypes of SCP-937-2 "fruit" behave rather in the manner of ants with the parent SCP-937 functioning as both hive and queen.
SCP-937-2 also behave like ants in terms of their aggressive behavior toward anything outside of their species, as well as their sting. The sting induces necrosis at the site very quickly, and the fruit will work together to overwhelm even small mammals. Fortunately, while painful, the sting does not endanger humans and can be averted with proper precautions.
Once ripe, SCP-937-2 will climb as high as possible and glide to other trees, where they will germinate as a normal hemiepiphyte, eventually extending roots to the ground and foliage upward. Like other strangler figs, SCP-937 will surround the trees that they germinated on and eventually kill them. This combined with the aggressive nature of SCP-937-2 makes SCP-937 a particularly noxious weed should the species manage to gain a foothold.
Experiment Log 937-1:
Item #: SCP-940
Object Class: Keter
Special Containment Procedures: All known samples of SCP-940 larva are currently in containment. Systematic purging of SCP-940 adult samples from civilians is currently (as of ██/██/████) being spearheaded by a combination of Area-14 Research personnel and Mobile Task Force Omicron-7 ("Orkin"). Samples of Foundation strengthened █████-█-████████ (see documentation regarding 'Agent Blue') are in the process of being added to commercially available insecticides, which is expected to prevent any more 'wild' strains of SCP-940 from arising. All SCP-940 infectees are to be treated as Class 4 Biohazards, and are to be contained and transported under heavy sedation to Area-14, or otherwise terminated. Deceased bodies infected with any SCP-940 strain, regardless of developmental stage, are to be incinerated.
Description: SCP-940 is a parasitoid organism with some superficial similarities to troglobitic members of the class Arachnida. Adult specimens are highly agile and possess leg spans from four to seven meters; due to the difficulty in separating SCP-940 from their hosts (see below), average weight and body size are moot considerations. Each of their eight translucent legs is dotted regularly with six types of specialized sensory organs—IR-sensitive pit organs; ampullae of Lorenzini; compound and non-compound eyes sensitive to UV; and two additional organs of indeterminate function—and end in large tarsal claws, possessing scopulae and setules common amongst species of hunting spiders and allowing them to climb sheer vertical surfaces with ease. SCP-940 possess a radial nerve net similar to Asteroidea, or the common starfish, and no central nervous system; the possibility that SCP-940 rely on their host's brainpower for processing of external stimuli cannot be ruled out at this time.
Infection occurs following exposure to body fluids containing SCP-940 eggs and larvae. The lifecycle of SCP-940, from initial infection to maturity, is as follows:

Treatment with intravenous anti-parasitic compound is possible, if administered prior to infection advancing to Stage 3.
Item #: SCP-941
Object Class: Euclid
Special Containment Procedures: All objects afflicted by SCP-941 are kept in a secure garage within the motor division of Site-77, disassembled to individual components when not being tested. A science team supervised by Assistant Director of Medicine Vayl has been assigned to investigate SCP-941 from an epidemiological and behavioralist perspective, with special attention paid to cases indicating potentially novel strains or actions taken by SCP-941 infected vehicles.
Any research indicating SCP-941 being capable of crossing over to diesel vehicles is to be treated as a Class V Biohazard threat, and any potential vectors for cross-infection are to be destroyed immediately. Mobile Task Force Psi-7 "Home Improvement" has been assigned to assess and secure structures identified as infection vectors.
Because SCP-941 was already widespread in certain regions at the time of its initial discovery, it currently continues to exist in small numbers in the general vehicle population. As such, containment field agents are focused on suppression of information regarding SCP-941 through previously utilized disinformation techniques.
Foundation-owned vehicles are to be, whenever possible, diesel-fueled or electrically powered. SCP-1894 has been demonstrated as being immune to SCP-941, a fact discovered during accidental contact, as such it has been earmarked as a potential failsafe vehicle in the event of a mass-containment failure resulting in widespread infection.
Description: SCP-941 is a viral phenomenon affecting gasoline-powered automobiles designed for human transportation. Infected machines will indicate a variety of malfunctions, typically manifesting over a period of three to five days, then fading over a similar timeframe. SCP-941 afflicted devices are permanently contagious following infection, even after the symptomatic phase ends.
Although no actual mechanical errors have been known to manifest in SCP-941 infected machines, drivers will report hearing unusual noises and changes in the 'feel' of the vehicle during normal operations. In addition, when affected machines are tested in harsh terrain, climates or used for more than three hours, they may cease operations entirely without apparent cause.
Electronic systems such as GPS, or screen-based control consoles in newer vehicles, may exhibit unusual graphical and auditory glitches. Navigational equipment will attempt to steer the user away from highly-trafficked areas or the aforementioned extreme terrain and change the user's destination to car washes, high-end parking garages or auto dealerships.
SCP-941 spreads to other automobiles through direct contact and proximity. Foundation research has shown that automobiles kept in adjacent space to SCP-941-positive machines may begin displaying symptoms which fade over time, or occur intermittently. This phenomenon has only been shown in controlled experiments and has not been observed in the wild.
Biological matter is currently believed to be a factor in the expression of SCP-941's effect, as testing of vehicles directed by non-human elements such as automaton crash-test dummies and SCP-1872 have shown SCP-941 activates only if directly or indirectly controlled by human drivers.
Although the only Foundation-known means of detecting SCP-941 infection is the ability of one vehicle to infect others, it is known that there must be another means of detection. SCP-1727 will refuse service to any SCP-941 afflicted vehicle, giving a message reading 'NO BREAKS, FAKES OR PHONIES'.
History: SCP-941 was first observed by quality-control engineers employed by the DeLorean Motor Company(DMC) during initial engineering of the gull-wing doors used in their product. Notes from this period mention a distinctive semi-organic compound secreted during manufacturing, as well as frequent breakdowns and failures on the assembly line.
Foundation assets first became aware of SCP-941 after collated traffic reports involving the DMC's vehicles were flagged as being potentially anomalous in nature. Follow-up operations confirmed this suspicion, and all known infected vehicles were impounded by Foundation agents through the guise of multiple recalls. Disinformation campaigns against the DMC centered around ties to organized crime combined with the recall efforts resulted in the shuttering of the corporation.
As of the present date, no other production line has been observed to carry SCP-941, and the initial infection source is unknown.
Addendum: During testing on 1/27/2019, Assistant Director Vayl was conducting an experiment in SCP-941's ability to spread through non-contact means. During inspection of the third-party GPS system, a control vehicle initiated direct communications. This effect has not been found in any subsequent experiment, nor had it manifested in previous ones.
Following this interview, the vehicle was re-tested and showed no trace of SCP-941 infection.
Interviewed: American-made sedan (Identified as 941-V)
Interviewer: Assistant Director Caleigh Amity Vayl
Foreword: Interview occurred during observation of the vehicle's interior. The standard battery of control experiments had been run on a daily basis for several weeks prior to this event. 941-V spoke with a feminine voice throughout the interview.
<Begin Log>
Item #: SCP-943
Object Class: Safe
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-943 is to be stored in a secure lockbox in a High Security Containment Vault, accessible only to Level 2 or higher personnel. For purposes of interrogation, Level 1 personnel may request access to SCP-943, but the request must be approved by Level 2 personnel, and the individual signing SCP-943 out must record a date, time, location of use, and appropriate protective measures taken to preserve SCP-943's integrity. Failure to do so will result in all personnel involved having their service records subject to immediate review and penalties of demotion or termination for those found negligent.
Description: SCP-943 is a band of unidentified metal, adjustable through a sliding mechanism to become anywhere from 5cm in diameter, to 38cm in diameter. The band bears inscribings along its outside surface reading in English: "That Justice may flow like water". When placed onto a human subject's arm, the device appears to induce visual, auditory, and tactile hallucinations in a staggered pattern. In all cases, the hallucinations appear to be of an event that is connected to the subject in some way. Invariably, the subject is connected in a way that makes them the aggressor, and in the induced hallucinations, the subject assumes the role of victim. All recorded hallucinations have been of conflict, and are documented in Experiment Log 943-1 through Experiment Log 943-3.
Addendum: In each experiment, the subject was prepared by repeatedly reminding them of the crime that caused their incarceration, causing it to be foremost in their minds prior to the beginning of the recording.
Experiment Recording 943-1
Subject D-39393 is guilty of multiple incidents of embezzlement as an employee of a Foundation cover company.
Dr. Heiden: D-39393, put on the bracelet.
D-39393: You can't make me do this, you know! I'm a citizen of ██████████████████████████████!
Dr. Heiden: Actually, D-39393, we can, according to the terms of your employment agreement. You know, the one that you never read because of the big number on the first page.
D-39393: [splutters incoherently] Uh, ah, that doesn't mean anything! You still can't do this! I'm a person, not cattle for you to use!
Dr. Heiden: I am aware you are not livestock. Now put on the bracelet, and you'll be on your way to repaying the $██,███,███ you owe.
D-39393: You never proved that! You can't prove any of that!

Dr. Heiden: D-39393, you will be sedated and the bracelet will be placed on you if you continue to resist. Now put on the bracelet.
D-39393: Fuck you! You won't do that, you can't do th-
[At this point, Foundation security personnel neutralized D-39393 with a stun baton and strapped him into the chair nearby, waiting until D-39393 regained consciousness before placing SCP-943 on his arm.]
Dr. Heiden: The debt repaid by your participation has been reduced by ten percent due to your refusal to cooperate, Mr. ███████. Further refusal will result in accordingly more severe dockings. Now, tell me how you feel.
D-39393: Uh… I don't feel anything, really. A bracelet on my arm, now… the hell is that thing, anyway?
Dr. Heiden: Just keep giving me updates, Mr. ███████.
D-39393: I… I guess I feel a little nervous. No, a lot nervous… God, what is this thing?

Dr. Heiden: You're doing well, keep it up.

[The subject is sweating profusely and has an elevated heart rate.]

D-39393: I am so, so fucked… [D-39393 begins to sob softly]

[D-39393 continues in this vein for approximately five and a half minutes.]

D-39393: Oh, man… man… [D-39393 perks up slightly] Wait - shh, did you hear that? Fuck…
Dr. Heiden: What do you hear, D-39393?

D-39393: …uh, voices… real faint, though, trying to hear 'em.
Dr. Heiden: Continue, Mr. ███████.

D-39393: Yeah, yeah… hey, how's it going? God, it sounds like I'm back at work… just a bunch of noise.
Dr. Heiden: Subject appears to be switching from talking to the voices addressing him and myself.
[Approximately three minutes pass, the subject muttering rapidly to nothing in particular before his voice rises again]
D-39393: Yeah… no, I hadn't seen the budg- gah! Sorry, I didn't see you there… you want to show me a ledger? Well, alright… Uh, no, I don't know what happened… no, of course not. No, no, it wasn't me! I don't know where the fuck it went!
Dr. Heiden: Mr. ███████, can you hear me? Hello?
D-39393: Please, it wasn't me! …what? Tell the Overseers? Me?
Dr. Heiden: Note for the record - D-39393 ought not have been aware of the existence of O-5 level personnel, considering his position held prior to becoming D-class personnel.
D-39393: [his voice rising to a shriek] No, I am not telling the Overseers that we're missing over █████████████████████ when I had nothing to do with this! You do it! I'm not going to get turned into Keter-bait because of some fucking accounting error! We've got to find where the fuck this went before they do!
Dr. Heiden: Terminating recording, the subject has clearly demonstrated all three stages of hallucinatory patterns.
D-39393 will remain under Foundation control until his debt is repaid… Experiment 943-1 has erased $███,███ of his debt to the Foundation, less ten percent.
LEVEL 4 EYES ONLY: Subject D-39393 cannot be removed from Foundation employment, having demonstrated knowledge of O-5 level personnel in this experiment and a marked unethical bent in the actions leading to his incarceration. Current recommendation upon release is termination.
Experiment Recording 943-2
Subject D-14454 was convicted of sexually abusing and murdering a seven-year-old child.
Dr. Heiden: D-14454, put on the bracelet.
D-14454: Naw, I don't have to do that. Put me back in my cell, I want my lawyer.
Dr. Heiden: You will not be afforded the luxury of a lawyer, D-14454. Put on the bracelet or you will be terminated by Foundation security staff. I've reviewed your records, and believe me: I will not hesitate.
D-14454: You- you know why I'm in?
Dr. Heiden: Yes, I know exactly what you are.
D-14454: Y-you can't tell them, they'll kill me.
Dr. Heiden: That is my prerogative, D-14454. Put on the bracelet.
D-14454: O… okay, just don't tell them, right?
[D-14454 puts the bracelet on]
D-14454: [noticeably softer] I'm afraid, Doctor…
Dr. Heiden: Restrain the subject.
[Security staff wrestle D-14454 into a seat and strap the subject in]
D-14454: Oh, God! Get away! Don't touch me! Don't touch me! Help! Why won't anyone help?!
[Security staff back away, D-14454 pants for breath]
D-14454: No, no, no… no, no, no, no, no, no, no… no…
Dr. Heiden: What is it, D-14454?
D-14454: I don't know!
Item #: SCP-944
Object Class: Euclid
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-944 is to be surrounded by a 3 m high opaque fence, both to prevent outside access and to allow experimentation unobserved by the public. SCP-944 is officially listed as a condemned building, and “Construction Area” signs are posted to explain the fenced-off area. Level 1 agents wearing ███ █████ Amusement Park security uniforms are to guard the area and prevent unauthorized access.
Non-D-Class personnel entering SCP-944 are cautioned to follow the blue floor lines, indicating safe paths. The “Hall of Fun” is off-limits, due to possible exposure to anomalous effects.
D-Class personnel must be outfitted with subcutaneous GPS location transmitters before being permitted to enter SCP-944.
Description: SCP-944 is a single-story building outfitted as a “mirror maze,” formerly an attraction at ███ █████ Amusement Park in ███████, ██████. After a number of anomalous effects were observed, the building was secured by the Foundation. As the effect appears to be localized, the remainder of the Park is open to the public.
Periodically, individuals entering SCP-944 are capable of walking off the intended paths through the maze and into the mirrors. Despite extensive experimentation, the Foundation has been unable to predict when and where anomalies will occur, or the effects of walking through them. In addition, the distorting mirrors found in the “Hall of Fun” are sometimes capable of producing permanent distortions in the people viewing them.1
SCP-944 was built in 2006 and operated normally until Incident 944-U-1 occurred. It is unknown what initiated SCP-944’s anomalous behavior.
Incident 944-U-1: Date: █/██/201█ █████ █████, a 53-year-old male, emerged from the maze, claiming to have been lost in the maintenance tunnels for three days. SCP-944 does not contain maintenance tunnels. Subject treated for dehydration and released. Park security assumed individual was intoxicated and details of incident were imaginary.
Incident 944-U-2: Date: █/█/201█ █ ████ ████████, a 12-year-old boy, found severely injured in maze Hallway B, with third-degree burns to hands and feet. Subject claimed to have been detained in a windowless brick room for approximately seven hours, by an individual calling himself “Zippo the Pyromaniac Clown,” who burned and [DATA EXPUNGED] the victim. Victim recalls being told “It’s all part of the show, kid.”
SCP-944 does not contain the area described by the victim. Extensive police search for perpetrator yielded no results.
Incident 944-U-3: Date: ██/██/201█ ███ ███████, 24-year-old female, emerged from maze 101.6 cm (3’ 4”) tall after pausing before a “shrinking mirror” in the maze’s “Hall of Fun.” Subject was 175 cm (5’ 9”) on entering maze.
Foundation personnel intercepted police report of this incident. Area secured; Class-B amnestics administered. SCP status established and containment initiated. Additional investigation revealed that █ individuals are missing after entering SCP-944.
Addendum: Post-Containment Experimentation
Item #: SCP-947
Object Class: Keter
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-947 is stored on a textfile in a USB drive. This drive is currently stored in a secure locker in the Site-42 Digital Armory. Junior Researcher Gautam Ramesh is currently working with Mobile Task Force Upsilon-4 ("Sugar Pill") to develop a countermemetic agent for SCP-947.
Description: SCP-947 is a contagious, memetic expletive defined by its creator as meaning "a really fake, annoying person or thing that you wish would just naff off already"[sic]. Any English speaker who hears or reads SCP-947 will automatically understand its definition, know the name of its creator, and begin to incorporate it into their vocabulary. Over time, affected individuals will gradually replace all expletives in their vocabulary with SCP-947.
SCP-947 first came to the attention of the Foundation on 30 June 2017, when it was used in tweets by members of the British Cabinet. The anomalous properties of SCP-947 were immediately recognized due to the insertion of its creator's name. An investigation of the Cabinet's social media activity traced the meme to a tweet made by one Gautam Ramesh, an Indian immigrant living with his parents in Leeds, England. Ramesh sent the initial infection vector via Twitter and Facebook to the social media accounts of several British defense contractors, where it rapidly spread and was able to infect the British Cabinet within two days.
Ramesh's initial tweet was as follows:
You Should Check Out This Cool Technology Or Youll Look Like A [EXPLETIVE REDACTED] [sic]
His Facebook post was as follows:
Hi All, Ive Just Come Up With A Very Cool New Technology: IDEAS IN WORDS. Help Me Spread The Word Or Youll Look Like Real [EXPLETIVE REDACTED] ' [sic]
At this time, SCP-947 is used by approximately ██% of all English speakers worldwide.
Addendum: Interview with Gautam Ramesh
Item #: SCP-949
Object Class: Safe
Special Containment Procedures: The area in which SCP-949 manifests itself is to be surrounded by two (2) meter tall electrical fencing. The perimeter of the containment area is to be patrolled by guards at all times, operating in groups of four (4). Due to the size of SCP-949, use of vehicles is authorized during security patrol.
Any civilians approaching SCP-949 are to be taken into Foundation custody and dosed with a Class-A amnestic. Exploration of SCP-949 is to be carried out using D-class personnel. Exploration of SCP-949 must be authorised by three (3) members of Level 4 personnel.
Description: SCP-949 is a large amusement park located in the state of ███████ which, according to the entrance gate and several documents within the park, is designated 'Wondertainment Land®'. SCP-949 has been observed to periodically disappear from its location on several occasions, often reappearing several days after with new facilities.
Facilities inside SCP-949 demonstrate highly anomalous properties, more information on which is available in Facility Log 949-1. These anomalous facilities do not appear to intentionally cause harm to humans, and no casualties have occurred during exploration of SCP-949 as-of-yet. All of SCP-949's facilities are staffed and maintained by instances of SCP-949-1.
Instances of SCP-949-1 appear similar to typical amusement park mascots, and their costumes depict a variety of animals. All instances of SCP-949-1 seem to wear a unique costume, and no duplicates have been sighted to date. Autopsy of recovered SCP-949-1 instances show that their interior is composed entirely of wool, confirming a lack of human presence. SCP-949-1 instances consistently maintain a cheerful attitude despite the situation, even when being dissected or otherwise injured.
Several advertisements for SCP's currently in containment are present in the form of posters or souvenirs. SCP's depicted in these advertisements include, but are not limited to, [DATA EXPUNGED]. All SCP's depicted appear to be related to the individual or organisation known as 'Dr. Wondertainment'. This, together, with the name of the amusement park, suggests that it is the creation of this entity.
Interviewer: D-94923 (Reading questions from Dr. █████)
Interviewee: Instance of SCP-949-1: 'Sammy the Salamander'
Notes: Interview took place during exploration of SCP-949-1 by D-94923.
<Begin Interview>
D-94923: Um, hello, SCP-949-1 -
SCP-949-1: Hiya, ███ ██████!
D-94923: Wha - how do you know my name?
(SCP-949-1 appears uneasy at this point.)
SCP-949-1: Welcome to Wondertainment Land! Haha!
D-94923: Nevermind, I guess…can you identify yourself?
SCP-949-1: I'm Sammy the Salamander!
D-94923: Where does SCP-949 go when it disappears?
SCP-949-1: The park isn't ready yet, friend!
D-94923: What do you mean, it's not ready?
SCP-949-1: Sorry kids, Sammy has to go now! Goodbye!
<End Log>
Closing Statement: After the interview, SCP-949-1 fled at a remarkable speed.
Facility Name: 'Hook a Duck!'
Maintaining SCP-949-1 Instance: 'Frank the Fox'
Facility Details: Facility contains several animate duck toys which the subject must retrieve from a central pool area using a hook. Duck toys demonstrate panic and pain when 'hooked'. When subject succeeded in retrieving three animate duck toys, the maintaining SCP-949-1 rewarded them with a large teddy bear.
Facility Name: 'Spooky Manor'
Maintaining SCP-949-1 Instance: 'Bertie the Bat'
Facility Details: Facility resembles a 'haunted house' attraction present in many regular amusement parks. Upon emerging from the facility, the subject appeared to have several limbs and a human head stitched to it. Subject was not aware of these additions until they were brought to its attention. The human head attached appeared to give the subject information on rides as they explored the park.
Facility Name: 'Random River Rapids'
Maintaining SCP-949-1 Instance: 'Terry the Trout'
Facility Details: Facility appears to be a river ride similar to those used in regular amusement parks. Subject remained in the facility for thirty (30) minutes before emerging. The subject reported no abnormalities other than the presence of several sea creatures with seemingly randomly positioned limbs, eyes and gills.
Facility Name: 'Bumper Cars!'
Maintaining SCP-949-1 Instance: 'Billy the Badger'
Facility Details: Facility is a bumper cars attraction identical to those used in regular amusement parks. Upon entering a bumper car, all bumper cars in the facility began moving independently and attempting to consume each other using rudimentary 'jaws' formed from splits in the metal. When subject fell out of their bumper car, they were ignored and the other bumper cars continued to consume each other until a loud buzzer sounded. Cars immediately ceased movement and began to regrow missing sections, which displayed different coloration than the original portions.
Document was delivered to Overseer HQ by an unknown entity on ██/██/████.
Greetings!
Due to their continued support of our products, Dr. Wondertainment would like to cordially invite his valued customers to the grand opening of Wondertainment Land®! The grand opening will take place on ██/██/████ and Dr. Wondertainment hopes it will be a fun-filled night for the whole family! Guests will have access to all of the parks facilities, and will be invited to watch the soon to be released Fiery Fireworks®!
As Dr. Wondertainment is sure the O5 council will attend, representatives of Dr. Wondertainment will arrive to escort them to Wondertainment Land® on the morning before the grand opening!
Hope to see you soon,
Dr. Wondertainment!
« SCP-948 | SCP-949 | SCP-950 »
Item #: SCP-952
Object Class: Keter
Special Containment Procedures: Musical projects under the effects of SCP-952 are to be terminated by any means possible, and any physical media storing recordings of SCP-952-influenced music are to be copied onto a Standardized Type-C antimemetic storage device, then destroyed. Venues that have hosted SCP-952-infected musicians are to be closed until such a point when it can be confirmed that none of the staff are affected.
Development of a countermemetic agent to combat SCP-952 is underway. Until its completion, all individuals affected by SCP-952 are to be detained.
As a precaution, Foundation agents in the music industry should seek to discredit "math rock" as a genre, until such a time when SCP-952 is fully contained. Relevant personnel should refer to Document 952-32 for more details.
Alternate cover art of Highway Ash, a vector of SCP-952. Image confirmed by WOEDENAZ.aic to be free of cognitohazardous triggers.
Description: SCP-952 is an anomalous subgenre of math rock known as "NP Rock", defined primarily by a specific arrangement of instrumental configurations, subject matter, and esoteric musical technique. Evidence suggests that the culmination of these components is the cause of SCP-952's anomalous properties.
Upon listening to an SCP-952 composition, subjects will instantly identify SCP-952 as a distinctive musical genre. Furthermore, periodic listening (defined by listening to at least one composition per day) creates further anomalous effects:
The earliest known instance of SCP-952 appears to have been Highway Ash1, an album released by a band known as "House of Spades" in 20██. As of 09/28/20██, it's estimated that at least ████ SCP-952 compositions remain uncontained.
Interview Log [952-01]:
Item #: SCP-954
Object Class: Safe Euclid
Special Containment Procedures: Instances of SCP-954 are to be contained in Bio-Habitat 27 at Site ██. Bio-Habitat 27 is to be covered in a soundproof material, on the interior and exterior to prevent sound leakage from the containment chamber. Testing with SCP-954 requires level 2 clearance, with an experiment procedure delivered to the director of Study for SCP-954, currently Doctor ███████.
Description: SCP-954 is a species of frog similar to Eleutherodactylus cystignathoides campi also known as the Rio Grande Chirping frog. Unlike Eleutherodactylus cystignathoides campi, however, SCP-954's vocalizations are not within human hearing range. The anomalous properties of SCP-954 are observed when it vocalizes in the presence of other organisms.
SCP-954's vocalizations cause slight hallucinations in human subjects, by stimulating the temporoparietal junction region of the brain. It is hypothesized that this is an accidental byproduct of the method of prey capture for SCP-954; it is also believed that vibrations caused by SCP-954's vocalizations are the cause of this effect in humans.
This effect, upon this region, causes the phenomenon known as "shadow people." The "shadow people" effect is commonly described as seeing a shadowy figure in the periphery of vision, which moves quickly when focused upon, out of visual range. This phenomenon is hypothesized to be what causes most ghost sightings that can't be attributed to confirmed sources or other SCP objects.
SCP-954's effect has been observed to be used in order to disorient various insects, usually causing their movements to become erratic. It is unknown precisely how this affects insects, as they lack the complex brain structures of humans. When affected, most flying insects fall to the ground, and land-based insects generally stop movement. In rare cases, they [DATA EXPUNGED]. Several hypotheses have been put forth to explain this, the most plausible of which is that the vocalizations interrupt the motor proteins around the major methods of locomotion in insects. It is unknown how SCP-954 developed this trait, however. SCP-954 has been found over most of North America, and parts of Europe and Asia; as such, there should be a variance of the development of the species, but there [REDACTED].
SCP-954 is not believed to be responsible for any deaths, however, at this time. Most subjects report a feeling of disorientation after being exposed to the effect which usually lasts for less than two hours.
Addendum 1: On ██/██/████ SCP-954's vocalizations were observed to be audible in the human perception range. This effect was observed by Doctor ███████, during routine feeding of SCP-954. During this occurrence, Doctor ████████ reported feeling extremely uncomfortable, and later reported a headache. During this period of vocalization, several specimens of SCP-954 expired, due to rupture of the vocal apparatus.
When Doctor ███████ reported to the medical department for standard workups after the test, it was found that his temporoparietal junction had swollen large enough to potentially cause damage to the surrounding tissues. Testing with SCP-954 is to be suspended immediately, and all instances of SCP-954 reported in the wild are to be collected immediately by MTF-Omega-87 ("Frog Watch"). Refer to document SCP-954-C/R-01 for specific instructions on team loadout and procedures.
Note from Doctor ███████:
I don't believe SCP-954 is a danger at this point. Like all predatory creatures, it is attempting to adapt to the environment. Unlike most predatory animals, however, SCP-954 seems to adapt much faster, either inter-generational, or within first generation. This is remarkably interesting, and warrants further study. However, until containment and testing procedures can be updated, all testing is to be ceased until we can assess the danger first. Feeding shall continue, using class D for now.
« SCP-953 | SCP-954 | SCP-955 »
Item #: SCP-957
Object Class: Keter
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-957 is to be monitored via remote video surveillance set up within the location where it currently resides. Personnel are allowed to approach and interview the entity when given clearance by four (4) Level-3 or higher employees.
One (1) D-Class subject is to inhabit the closest residence to SCP-957’s location as possible in order to minimize civilian exposure to the entity. SCP-957’s house is to be monitored for signs of SCP-957-1 exhibiting unusual behavior, namely feigning helplessness due to blindness. If this is observed, a D-Class subject is to be sent to escort SCP-957-1 back into its house.
Description: SCP-957 is a humanoid entity currently residing within a house in ██████, Kentucky. This organism measures approximately 2m in height and 75kg in weight and appears to be devoid of internal organs, as observed via a large opening on its ventral torso. Furthermore, it does not appear to require sleep or nourishment. Interaction with personnel has shown that the entity is capable of speech and is fluent in English, but prefers to talk in a currently unknown language. It is not openly hostile towards Foundation personnel, yet often refuses to cooperate with interviews and testing. Attempts to restrain SCP-957 for these purposes have proven ineffective due to the entity’s disproportionate level of strength.
SCP-957 will always reside in a house inhabited by a single human, hereby designated SCP-957-1. When the instance of SCP-957-1 that SCP-957 is living with dies, the entity will demanifest from the location and reappear in the nearest location that fits the above mentioned requirements. Upon doing this, it will seek out the individual residing there and force the human's body through an apparent portal via its chest cavity, where the subject will remain for approximately four (4) hours before emerging. After this, SCP-957-1 will be missing its eyes as well as exhibiting drastic changes to its memory. These individuals will believe that they have been blind all of their life and possess knowledge of Braille and living without sight. Additionally, they will believe that SCP-957 is a close family member, a dear friend, or a partner in an intimate relationship that had been severely burned all over its body. As such, they show affection for the entity but refuse to touch it.
Once every month, SCP-957-1 will go into crowded areas and feign distress due to its blindness. It appears to do this in order to deceive people into helping it back to its house1. Once SCP-957-1 has successfully lured a human subject into the building, it will lock the doors, shout, walk to the dining room and sit down until SCP-957 addresses it after dealing with the human. At this point, SCP-957 will approach the human, and a black spherical barrier will surround the two subjects. This obstruction is composed of an unknown substance and is apparently impenetrable. This structure usually remains in place for approximately five (5) hours; however, it has been noted to demanifest as early as thirty (30) minutes after manifestation and as late as twenty-seven (27) hours after manifestation. The human normally appears to have undergone extreme physical alteration during this time2. In 30% of observed cases, the human is reduced to piles of organs seemingly organized by their respective biological system. SCP-957 usually then uses these remains to prepare a meal for SCP-957-1. The other 70% are taken to the fireplace of the house and burned.
Addendum-957-Gamma: On 16/10/2006, SCP-957 was noted to approach a retrieved human during the normal monthly event. The opaque barrier normally surrounding the subjects manifested as usual; however, it was noted to randomly become transparent, yet still present, during this event. Personnel reported that the view from the area showed a scene with a group of entities resembling SCP-957 gathered around a conical object that was mostly obscured by the figures. However, it appeared that the captured human was within the construct and that the entities were [REDACTED], which continued for approximately five (5) hours. At this point, the human, presumably dead, was removed from the object, dismembered, and sorted into piles of organs. At this point, the barrier demanifested and SCP-957, along with the human remains, reappeared within the house.
Addendum-957-Lambda: As of 13/03/2007, Foundation linguists have managed to translate enough of SCP-957's language to decipher basic sentences and phrases spoken by the entity. This information is not to be made known to SCP-957 and personnel are to continue to communicate with it solely in English.
Addendum-957-Omega: On 06/06/2008, SCP-957 was noted to engage in an extended conversation in its native language with an unseen individual. The audio from this exchange was recorded by hidden audio and video recording devices within the house, translated by Foundation linguists, and transcribed below.
<Begin Log>
Item #: SCP-958
Object Class: Safe
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-958-A instances are to be contained in Storage Unit 11 at Site-██ in an inactive state. SCP-958-B instances are to be contained in Storage Unit 13 at Site-██ if neutralization is not feasible.
Description: SCP-958-A is a humanoid toy robot, composed primarily of plastic and tin. SCP-958-A is nineteen centimeters tall and has a mass of 214.8 grams. The words "General-Beep®, by Dr. Wondertainment" are inscribed upon the bottom of SCP-958-A's right foot.
When activated via a switch on the back of its head, SCP-958-A becomes capable of speech and limited autonomous movement. It will use these to actively seek out a child under the age of thirteen. While it will respond to those of or over the age of thirteen, it will often attempt to redirect conversation toward aiding it in finding a child.
When exposed to a child under the age of thirteen, SCP-958-A will frequently discuss historical military accomplishments and will often suggest exposing other children to it or other instances of SCP-958-A. These conversations exhibit no compulsive effects, and the child is able to deactivate SCP-958-A via its switch without any resistance. Should the child express interest in what SCP-958-A discusses and/or plays with an active SCP-958-A for a cumulative six hours, SCP-958-A will give the child information on how to build an instance of SCP-958-B. This information cannot be used by anyone other than the child in question; attempts by other individuals to utilize it will result in a non-anomalous creation, with similar results when a previously exposed child turns thirteen.
Further mental effects caused by SCP-958-A are currently being studied, however it is highly likely that SCP-958-A somehow affects how children interpret SCP-958-B and scenarios involving them. Furthermore, unconfirmed testimonies claim SCP-958-A will suggest uses for SCP-958-B in games and activities. For further information see Addendum A.
An instance of SCP-958-B
SCP-958-B are objects created using the knowledge imparted by SCP-958-A. SCP-958-B instances vary greatly in appearance and function, but all recorded instances have been weapons of some form created from a wide variety of miscellaneous objects.1 Ammunition and payloads used by SCP-958-B are unconventional and/or anomalous - notable examples include bursts of non-anomalous paint, toys and plush dolls ejected at high speeds, and beams of focused light capable of melting steel.
Addendum A: SCP-958 was originally detected in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania on 04/12/1986. Thirteen children accompanied by eleven instances of SCP-958-A and fifteen instances of SCP-958-B were seen walking to an abandoned industrial complex on the southern edge of the city. The children entered one of the buildings after destroying its entrance with several SCP-958-B.
Foundation forces moved into the building in an effort to contain SCP-958 without harming the children. Beyond the door that would have otherwise contained the facility's furnace was an extradimensional space that was similar to the rest of the building, albeit heavily degraded and rusted.
Within the extradimensional space the MTF encountered dozens of non-anomalous individuals, with most suffering from injuries likely caused by industrial accidents, within a room filled with dilapidated industrial equipment. Objects produced therein all had "The Factory" emblazoned on them. Most of the children were using the SCP-958-B instances to attack the equipment and a single anomalous entity with multiple limbs, while two were using non-lethal SCP-958-B to incapacitate those who tried to interfere, including the MTF.
As the MTF prioritized evacuating the workers,2 the children were able to terminate the anomalous entity and reduce it to ash prior to the Foundation being able to disable them. Upon the death of the entity, all power within the facility was lost. The children then allowed themselves to be captured and their SCP-958 deactivated and confiscated.
Debriefing of the children revealed no major cognitive changes, and none exhibited signs of acting under anomalous compulsion. They all claimed they had been playing a game, the rules and location of which were suggested by their SCP-958-A. Each were given amnestics and returned to their caretakers with suitable cover stories without issue. As of 2014, none of the children or their families have been detected to be part of any anomalous phenomena. While four other instances of SCP-958-A have been recovered since, no other assaults on locations held by The Factory have been detected to date.
<Begin Log>
Item #: SCP-960
Object Class: Safe
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-960 must be kept in a 10 cm-thick seamless, steel cubic container measuring 50 cm x 50 cm x 60 cm. Those conducting research upon it are to be the only ones given the codes that unlock its room and container. Any handling of SCP-960 is to be conducted while the researcher is wearing gloves or other protective equipment (except when it is being tested upon D-class or other subjects).
Until he or she has created nine original works, any human who comes into contact with SCP-960 by the skin is to be kept in an isolation ward and provided with whatever supplies they ask for, given that these items are cleared for their use by appropriate officials. Immediately after completion of the ninth opus, however, the subject is to be terminated.
Description: SCP-960 is a sizable fragment of what is speculated to be an ancient Greek vase, discovered on the island of ████, near the site of the ancient Minoan city of ███████. On its surface are depicted three Muses; the two identifiable ones are Melpomene, in the middle, and Clio, on the left. The one on the right, shown as holding a dagger to her own neck, has never been seen in any other piece of Greco-Roman art and cannot be identified as appearing in any recorded myth.
A short but variable time after a human touches SCP-960, the subject will be struck at ever-closer intervals by a series of original ideas. The natures of these inspirations always follow a strict progression:
Subjects exposed to SCP-960 will invariably request the materials they need to complete these works; if they do not receive them, they will become belligerent and uncooperative until their requests are satisfied or until they find suitable substitutes.
It is worth noting that the ideas are never written down in any sort of rough copy; they only ever appear as the final product, as if a full-fledged idea had entered the subject's head and left it unchanged. Subjects also display extraordinary talent in each of the fields listed above, but only for as long as they are working on completing their tasks.
After the aforementioned itinerary is exhausted, the inspirations become more sinister. All creative energy previously spent on the arts and sciences is focused on devising ingenious methods of violence. Instead of asking for materials at this stage, the subject will begin to seek them out proactively. Records pertaining to the stages of exposure are detailed in the Addenda.
Addendum 960-01:
Item #: SCP-961
Object Class: Euclid
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-961 is to be kept outdoors, in its storage container, or in a closed, empty room at Site 38 when not in use for testing. During daylight hours, SCP-961 must be kept in an area exposed to sunlight for as long as possible. Object is to remain under observation by camera at all times. If unusual movement of shadows on SCP-961's face is detected while in full sunlight, object is to be moved indoors and secured in an unoccupied room. SCP-961 is not to be kept in a region where full daylight is not present for at least thirteen (13) consecutive hours, though cloud cover or inclement weather does not seem to activate SCP-961's effect. As seasons change, SCP-961 may be relocated as per Protocol 961-Beta. The storage container discovered with SCP-961 appears to be effective in containing its effect via unknown means. Keeping the artifact in an empty, completely closed room is similarly effective; it is presumed that its effect continues to take place, unnoticed.
When indoors for testing purposes, four D-class personnel with a score of 85 or higher on the Lezak-Hooper Short-Term Memory Inventory are to be kept in an empty room with SCP-961 during the last five minutes of its cycle. Under no circumstances is SCP-961's cycle to be allowed to complete outdoors. A digital clock is to be included in the containment room.
If events observed with SCP-961 contradict available records, report to researchers supervisor O5 command immediately.
Description: SCP-961 is an iron sundial of unknown manufacture, similar in style to late 17th century English models, but lacking any indication of craftsman or previous owners. The sundial has no markings other than Roman numerals in traditional clock formation along the edge, along with a small sticker on the bottom reading "ALEXYLVA UNIVERSITY HISTORY DEPT." No records exist of an institution named “Alexylva University," but the sticker appears to be recent.
When exposed to sunlight and properly aligned, SCP-961 functions as a regular sundial without anomalous properties. When sunlight is not present, however, a dark discoloration will appear to emerge from the center and align itself at twelve o'clock; though taking the appearance of a shadow, the discoloration appears to be imprinted on the surface of the sundial and cannot be dispelled by light at any frequency or intensity. The shape will begin moving counterclockwise along the sundial's edge at usual speed, i.e. reaching every numeral one hour after the last.
When the shape's rotation returns to the XII, SCP-961 will manifest its primary effect on anyone in a contained space with it. If in an enclosed room, the areas around the room will be unaffected. If the door is not fully closed, the effect will expand to include the widest possible contained area. The effect of giving SCP-961's effect access to the outdoors is unknown, but researchers agree that the possible risks outweigh any possible gain.
SCP-961's primary effect takes the form of sudden unconsciousness and vivid hallucinations affecting all people in range. All affected people will experience the same hallucination during any cycle. The hallucination will always take the form of an event in the past, usually one of historical importance. The event will play out before them for exactly ten minutes, including the event's climax. All details about each event as reported by D-class personnel who have experienced the effect match precisely with historical records about the event. At no point has an event witnessed with SCP-961 deviated from historical records; this makes the note recovered along with SCP-961 particularly odd. See Addendum 961-2. Addendum 961-2 classified by order of O5 Command.
Many hallucinations do end with a single detail that has not been previously recorded. One person nearby will play a vital role in the unfolding event; during assassinations, they will unlock doors for the assassins or distract witnesses; during battles, they will rally isolated companies and brigades to successful counterattacks. This entity, termed SCP-961-1, varies in physical appearance and dress with each test. The only consistent feature described by observers is a pair of empty black apertures centered where the eyes should be, though much larger than eye sockets (approximately 5 centimeters in diameter). People nearby will converse with the entity without finding the apertures remarkable. At the end of many hallucinations, after the entity ceases to influence events, it will turn towards one of the observers and speak to them; other observers will hear unintelligible conversation, then the hallucination ends. The observer will not recall what was said to them, only a strong sense of fear or panic. The observer who spoke with the entity will develop acute phobia of sleep, darkness, and being alone, which will subside over the course of the following month.
Addendum 961-1: Report Log
Item #: SCP-967
Object Class: Euclid
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-967 is to be contained within a 12 (twelve)-meter-high electric fence (primary containment), surrounded by a 150 (one hundred and fifty)-meter-wide buffer zone of vegetation consisting of wildflowers, fruit trees, and mixed grasses, and monitored by no less than 60 (sixty) on-site personnel disguised as members of the Scrapyard Cleaning People environmental organization. Civilians are to be dissuaded from entry to the buffer zone by means of a "toxic waste bioremediation research" cover story.
In the event of a containment breach, instances of SCP-967-1 can be distinguished from instances of SCP-967-2 by their reaction to the buffer zone. During a containment breach, SCP-967-1 will hesitate, manifest apparent confusion and fear, and then attempt to return within the confines of the electric fence. Any instances of SCP-967-1 which fail in this attempt will undergo decohesion within 3 (three) minutes of having left SCP-967; metal detectors and industrial electromagnets are to be used to collect all decohered fragments. Any decohered fragments which are not used for research purposes are to be incinerated, with their ashes bound in a concrete matrix which is then stored within the overall confines of SCP-967. Any damage to the buffer zone caused by the containment breach must be repaired within no more than 30 (thirty) minutes.
During a containment breach, SCP-967-2 will not react to the buffer zone. Individual instances of SCP-967-2 are to be immobilized with electromagnetic weaponry until they undergo decohesion; no instance of SCP-967-2 has endured more than 2 (two) hours before undergoing decohesion. Metal detectors and industrial electromagnets are to be used to collect all decohered fragments. Any decohered fragments which are not used for research purposes are to be incinerated, with their ashes bound in a concrete matrix which is then stored within the overall confines of SCP-967. Any damage to the buffer zone caused by the containment breach must be repaired within no more than 30 (thirty) minutes.
Description: SCP-967 is an abandoned scrapyard located in [REDACTED]. Flyovers have shown that SCP-967 is approximately 200m x 500m. The site was abandoned in ████/████ following a rash of disappearances and anomalous activity. On ██/████, SCP-967 was secured by the Foundation.
SCP-967 is much larger than its outside dimensions would suggest. Several regions within the area are only accessible by foot, and extend into an anomalous area of space. Exploration teams have described this area as consisting of "trash as far as the eye can see". This landscape is composed entirely of items consistent with a scrapyard: old cars, abandoned locomotives, and mountains of disused watercraft and appliances. Extended incursions into SCP-967 have revealed the presence of detritus and derelict vehicles inconsistent with the current level of human technology.
Exploration teams have also reported the presence of a wide variety of ambulatory creatures within SCP-967, collectively designated SCP-967-1; these appear to be haphazardly constructed from the same materials as the landscape. Individual instances of SCP-967-1 may or may not be aggressive, and do not appear to be sapient.
Instances of SCP-967-1 taken beyond the borders of SCP-967 rapidly undergo mechanical decohesion, with their component parts collapsing into a disconnected heap. Extensive study of these decohered components, both individually and collectively, has revealed no anomalous properties; however, the accumulation of sufficient (> 5 kg /m 2) quantities of discarded components, for sufficient (> 24 hours) time, within an area immediately adjacent to the borders of SCP-967, results in the expansion of SCP-967 to include the area in question.
Addendum 1:
Item #: SCP-972
Object Class: Euclid
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-972 is to be housed in a standard humanoid containment chamber. Requests for additional furnishings or amenities are to be submitted to Dr. Louef and may be granted so long as they do not violate Foundation security protocols. All personnel physically interacting with SCP-972 must pass Infectious Disease Protocol (Foundation SOP-89B) prior to working with the anomaly.
Any and all contact with SCP-972 should take place in a manner that limits potential vectors of disease transmission for SCP-972-1. Should physical contact be deemed necessary, all personnel should don Class V Infectious Hazard gear to limit potential spread of SCP-972-1.
Description: SCP-972 is a human male of Turkish descent, formerly known as Ahmet Osman, approximately 23 years of age, standing 1.75 meters in height and weighing approximately 130 kg. In most respects, SCP-972 demonstrates baseline human qualities, with the notable exception of its mutualistic relationship with SCP-972-1.
SCP-972-1 is an anomalous double stranded DNA-reverse transcriptase (dsDNA-RT) virus that most resembles members of the Hepadnaviridae1 family. SCP-972-1 has a uniquely limited natural host range that is believed to solely consist of SCP-972. SCP-972-1 possesses a unique reproductive life cycle that enables it to remain in nucleocapsid form for long periods of time within the host cells of SCP-972, essentially enabling it to remain "dormant" for long periods of time without being degraded by the host. The presence of SCP-972-1 has been found in nearly all cells comprising SCP-972, with the sole exception of germline reproductive cells (i.e, sperm), indicating that SCP-972-1 is capable of using nearly any somatic cell type within SCP-972 as a host. Further SCP-972-1 reproduction occurs upon host cell contact with non-infected somatic cells, causing the proliferation of SCP-972-1 within the original host cell before the virus is released onto the new host cell, resulting in its infection.
SCP-972's primary anomalous effect triggers upon infection of SCP-972 by foreign viral or bacterial agents. In both cases, SCP-972-1 is believed to act in order to eliminate hostile foreign infection and preserve the host cell in question. Upon contact with bacteria during infection, SCP-972-1 causes the host cell to over-stimulate lysosome activity, creating hydrolytic enzymes that rapidly destroy all phagocytized bacteria. A similar mechanism of action is seen to occur during viral infection, which results in destruction of infectious viral particles. The means by which SCP-972-1 is able to recognize hostile activity is unknown; SCP-972-1 has shown the capability to recognize and destroy anomalous viruses such as those generated by SCP-1242, indicating that its recognition method is non-mundane.
The consequence of SCP-972-1's anomalous activity is such that SCP-972 is effectively immune to all known forms of infectious disease. Any introduction of infectious diseases to SCP-972 results in complete destruction of the disease within a period ranging from 24 hours to 1 week, depending on the reproductive potential of the disease in question. During this period, SCP-972 experiences minor symptoms found in common diseases such as elevated body temperature, reduced appetite, and overall lethargy, but otherwise demonstrates no symptoms of the specific disease that it was infected with.
SCP-972 Acquisition Report: SCP-972 came into Foundation custody on 5/6/2016 following a joint operation with the UIU that raided a Marshall Carter & Dark facility that had been housing SCP-972 and a number of other humanoid anomalies. Numerous files pertaining to SCP-972 were recovered during this operation, the relevant contents of which have been trimmed and included below.
« SCP-971 | SCP-972 | SCP-973 »
Item #: SCP-976
Object Class: Safe
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-976 is attached to an isolated research computer at Site-█. All data from SCP-976 must be archived for analysis from automated backups made every 24 hours. Research on data extracted from SCP-976 requires level 2 clearance.
SCP-976 must not be installed in any terminal with a live connection to the Site-█ intranet or to any outside internet connection. Direct access to SCP-976 for purposes other than maintenance requires prior approval from at least two level 3 personnel.
Description: SCP-976 appears to be a Western Digital ████████ model hard drive with an indicated capacity of 32 GB. The outside casing is identical to a hard drive of the indicated model and has a standard parallel ATA-100 interface. SCP-976 is unusually heavy, and all attempts to disassemble the outside casing have failed thus far.
SCP-976 was found in Foundation research terminal computer ████-██ at Site-█ during a mandatory security pass for ensuring the destruction of sensitive data prior to the disposal of electronic equipment. Its anomalous properties were discovered when technicians noted that its installation was in violation of standard equipment configuration guidelines, and was immediately taken into containment when the device was accessed and the data within analyzed. How SCP-976 ended up inside the terminal is unknown at this time.
When connected to a standard PC and activated, SCP-976 operates normally, but with an abnormally high-pitched hum that does not match any known hard drive model. When read using a specially-designed interface, SCP-976 appears to contain a 32 GB 'slice' of a larger data repository, currently estimated at exceeding ███ TB in size. This 'slice' changes position every 24 hours at exactly 00:11:53 AM, thus necessitating all data on SCP-976 to be downloaded daily for analysis.
From ongoing analysis of over █,███ 'slices' of data extracted from SCP-976, the following file fragments have been reconstructed:
All data recovered from SCP-976 matches standard Foundation data formats, but otherwise do not seem to correspond to data found in Foundation archives. It is currently theorized that SCP-976 may be a 'window' into a Foundation archive from an alternate timeline or existence.
Analysis into data recovered from SCP-976 is ongoing.
Addendum 976-1:
Item #: SCP-978
Object Class: Safe
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-978 is to be kept in security locker H-J-12 at Site 17, and only to be removed or handled by personnel with Level-2 security clearance or higher. Testing parties may request extra film and printing paper at their leisure. SCP-978 is not to be used for blackmail, entertainment, or personal reasons.
This means you. ~ O5-██
All photographs produced by SCP-978 are to be cataloged along with full testing description. Requests to destroy photographs may be processed by Level-4 security clearance or higher personnel, at the discretion of the testing party.
Description: SCP-978 appears to be a standard red-and-black Polaroid Supercolor 645 CL instant camera, with no distinctive identifying marks or damage. SCP-978 operates the same as a standard camera, and shows no anomalous behavior beyond the photographs it produces. When a subject is pictured with SCP-978, the photograph that develops shows not what the subject was doing at the time of the photo, but rather what the subject wanted to be doing.
This effect appears to be, for the most part, random, sometimes showing drastic changes and deeply suppressed desires, or simple changes and alterations to the subject or their surroundings. SCP-978 appears to be capable of expressing the desires of both humans and other creatures (see testing log) and appears to convey the simplest desires the easiest. Should two subjects with contrasting desires both be photographed together, the subjects' desires appear to 'mix' (see testing log for additional information).
Addendum:
Item #: SCP-979
Object Class: Euclid
Special Containment Procedures: All individuals suspected of being exposed to SCP-979 must be reviewed for changes in psyche. SCP-979 itself should be contained in a wire cage (and plastic flooring) approximately five (5) metres in length, height, and width. As SCP-979 does not produce waste, there is little need for any bedding. However, SCP-979 should be given a water dispenser of 150 milliliters, refilled daily, to prevent drying out. Also, SCP-979 is allowed one (1) shelter in its cage, consisting of commercial plastic of any color made for medium to large members of the Leporidae family normally sold in pet shops for companionship. SCP-979 is to be monitored with a hidden camera twenty-four (24) hours a day. Should SCP-979's behavior change in any way, it is to be logged and reported to a level 3 or higher personnel.
Description: SCP-979 is an animated stoneware figurine in the shape of a member of the family Leporidae. SCP-979 shows subtle differences from traditional members of Leporidae, including but not limited to the ability to express emotion through facial changes and posture that is congruent with typical human reactions. SCP-979 lacks proper anatomy, with its ears and back legs being too long and large, and therefore has extreme difficulty with normal movement. The behavior of SCP-979 shows some sentience, but it generally only reacts to any stimuli with fear and/or avoidance. Any other reaction must be reported to level 3 or higher personnel.
SCP-979 emits a high-frequency noise in response to any stimuli; the volume appears proportionate to SCP-979's level of distress. Extended proximity to SCP-979 causes synesthesia of all senses, typically manifesting after four (4) hours and escalating over a variable period of approximately three (3) weeks. Exposure to the noise produced by SCP-979 has been shown to increase the rate at which synesthesia develops; however, recordings have failed to replicate the effect and, as such, the noise is not believed to be the primary cause. The first sense to be affected is typically hearing, although the reason is unknown. Humans exposed to SCP-979 tend to describe a 'whispering, rustling voice' associated with the sensation of touch and will avoid any physical contact with anything as much as possible. Typically, this first effect appears approximately ten (10) minutes after exposure.
Within one (1) week, exposure to SCP-979 causes synesthesia in at least three (3) senses, although which three tends to be dependent on the specific person. A level of psychosis appears to develop at this stage, although whether or not it is from mental disturbance of the synesthesia or something else is unknown. The only recorded personnel (hereby labeled SCP-979-V1) exposed to SCP-979 described symptoms similar to high anxiety, most notably the recurring thought of an imagined entity almost touching their skin at all times, especially so during nights, in which the exposed personnel reporting a belief of the imagined entity running any number of limbs up and down their body, just above skin contact.
After the passing of approximately two (2) weeks, synesthesia caused by SCP-979 spreads to all senses, although certain senses appear to be less intrusive than others, depending on the specific patient. In SCP-979-V1, the previous recurring thought of the imagined entity became an obsession and SCP-979-V1 regularly attempted to attack the imagined entity with apparently little success. All inquiries on the appearance of the imagined entity were unsuccessful. SCP-979-V1 attempted suicide approximately ██ times during this period and developed severe insomnia. In addition, SCP-979-V1 described hallucinations of the aforementioned entity now almost licking their skin, along with other types of contact such as kissing, stroking, and [REDACTED]. At no point does SCP-979-V1 describe actually being touched.
Within three (3) weeks, the synesthesia develops fully in all the senses. SCP-979-V1 had extreme difficulty dealing with any kind of sensory information, mind regularly blocking out senses due to overload. SCP-979-V1 displayed behavior similar to SCP-979 itself and appeared to attempt interaction with hallucinations before falling into a catatonic state. Afterwards, no other progression was shown until a period of five (5) weeks, in which the subject was discovered with a large gash in his torso, organs having been pulled from the body cavity. It is unknown how such a wound came to SCP-979-V1.
SCP-979 was found in ██████, Chile. SCP-979 was featured in an exhibition by an artist under the pseudonym of The Kind Man, in the ████████ Museum. After news reports of hallucinations and an outbreak of synesthesia, SCP-979 was placed under Foundation custody.
Addendum:
Item #: SCP-980
Object Class: Safe
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-980 is to be kept in a 3 m x 3 m x 5 m lead room suspended in the center of a 25 m x 25 m x 25 m containment area at Site-██. This room is to have a single glass window aligned with the window to the containment area. The inner window requires replacement every 8 days. Leaded glass is to be used instead—see addendum. The door to this room is to be kept locked at all times that SCP-980 is not under study. Personnel ranking above D-class are not to enter the surrounding containment area due to mental and physical danger. No armed personnel or guards are required near the lift to SCP-980's cell, as it has not shown any means of escaping. In addition, the fall from its containment cell would injure it enough to prevent escape. No feeding or nutrition of any sort is necessary.
Description: SCP-980 is a featureless humanoid of average height and weight, indeterminate age and gender, and smooth gray-white skin. SCP-980 does not possess any facial characteristics, sensory organs, or features such as nails and hair. It is injured with relative ease, bleeding a viscous substance that appears similar to white paint. Analysis shows that SCP-980 possesses no internal organs, though it does have a skeletal structure comparable to that of a human. Despite the absence of eyes and ears, SCP-980 appears to display 20/20 vision and slightly above-average hearing. Extensive testing has not explained this, though no abnormalities or anything to suggest other methods of sensory capability have been shown. SCP-980 is able to write in English when prompted, though typing is inefficient due to its influence quickly rendering the keys as well as the monitor unresponsive.
SCP-980 naturally inflicts a "simplification effect" on objects and beings within a sphere 8 meters in radius around it. Said effect streamlines the features of objects while removing color, detail, and often function. Animals first lose fur and distinguishing characteristics such as length of limbs and tails, presence of protuberances, etc., while humans develop more average facial features and lose or gain height and weight. This edges towards a rough "average" of around 1.7 meters tall with a weight of 76 kilograms. This is shortly followed by losing facets of their personality, with interests, habits, and memories commonly lost first.
While brief exposure to SCP-980 is not physically harmful, prolonged exposure of organic beings with complex circulatory and respiratory systems commonly results in the "simplification" and fusion of parts located near one another. No subjects have reported pain from the process itself. A D-class personnel used to test SCP-980's effects was affected on this level after approximately thirty minutes within SCP-980's containment area, with heart failure occurring almost immediately afterward. Autopsy showed that the chambers of the subject's heart had been fused together. Physical results tend to be somewhat random, usually affecting the heart, lungs, arteries, stomach and intestines, the brain, and the sensory organs. While some cases are not fatal or even harmful in the case of the sensory organs, further exposure to SCP-980 causes transformations at a rapid pace.
SCP-980 was found at the █████ █████ apartment complex in ████████, ██, after several hours of exposure to SCP-980 caused deaths and mental harm to nearby civilians as well as color and shape simplification to said apartment complex and many objects inside. At the time of acquisition, it was wearing heavy winter clothing and a hood. SCP-980 has not responded thus far to inquiries as to how it came to be, though room 307 seemed to have been affected more than other nearby locations. In addition, the tenant of room 307, ████ ██████, was unaccounted for among the bodies of SCP-980's "victims".
Addendum 980-01: The standard SCP humanoid uniform issued to SCP-980 shortly after its recovery has remained in close proximity to SCP-980 for the entirety of its containment. The uniform showed steady results of simplification but was still serviceable until █-██-20██, when a researcher noticed that it had for the most part vanished. A thin cloud was present in SCP-980's containment cell and the composition of the cell's air was noted to contain 0.██% more hydrogen.
Addendum 980-02: Lead was found to be one of few substances that is highly resistant to SCP-980's natural effects on its surroundings. As such, SCP-980's containment cell is constructed entirely of lead, with leaded glass used in its windows. In a recent test leaded glass showed increased resistance to SCP-980's effect, requiring replacement every two weeks.
Incident Report 980-04
Item #: SCP-984
Object Class: Safe-impetus
Special Containment Procedures: The facility where SCP-984 is located (hereby Site-48) is currently under the auspices of ██████████ Company, a Foundation shell corporation. The door to SCP-984 is to remain externally locked at all times except during experimentation, as are all stalls in SCP-984. Only Class-D personnel may enter SCP-984 without protective armor and a firearm.
No less than three Level-0 medical personnel are to be stationed at Site-48 at all times. Should SCP-984 become activated for any reason, these personnel must be called to SCP-984 to provide medical attention to any persons exiting SCP-984.
Description: SCP-984 is a restroom located in [REDACTED]. Upon recovery, three light bulbs were found smashed.
Under normal circumstances, SCP-984 is only unusual in that it has been partially soundproofed with commercially available materials. SCP-984 will only display overtly anomalous properties under the following conditions:
Should the above conditions be met at any time, one or more instances of SCP-984-1 will materialize inside SCP-984 once a person exits a stall. Specimens of SCP-984-1 tend to be large, highly aggressive mammals of varying species.1 All SCP-984-1 specimens disappear nine minutes after manifestation. SCP-984-1 will not willingly leave SCP-984 for any reason, and will disappear if it is forced to do so.
Instances of SCP-984-1 will display symptoms and mannerisms characteristic of a mid- to late-stage infection of rabies. However, unlike most rabid animals, SCP-984-1 will display marked hostility towards humans, particularly any persons who enter SCP-984. As persons in SCP-984 are not typically prepared to handle dangerous animals, victims are often bitten several times before being able to properly defend themselves. In cases where at least one specimen of SCP-984-1 is particularly large or strong, it is possible for SCP-984-1 to kill the victim shortly after manifesting.
Should the victim survive being attacked by SCP-984-1, they will experience significant confusion regarding the events that transpired in SCP-984. In some cases, victims will attribute their injuries to mundane phenomena that would not normally cause said trauma.
« SCP-983 | SCP-984 | SCP-985 »
Item #: SCP-986
Object Class: Safe
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-986 is currently stored in the Anomalous Document Repository at Site-11. The contents of SCP-986 are to be examined for changes by research staff on a weekly basis. Any changes to the contents of SCP-986 are to be recorded by staff after notifying the Research Director. A list of SCP-986 messages and narratives can be accessed with the permission of the Research Director.
Preference for staff assignment to SCP-986 is to be granted to personnel with an educational background in literary criticism and/or cryptography.
Description: SCP-986 is an unpublished manuscript entitled The Absent Willows, likely written by American novelist William Faulkner. The manuscript consists of 1208 bound pages, containing an original work of fiction and a supplementary section. No references to it were made by Faulkner in any of his personal correspondence, nor has it been cited by literary scholars as being among possible unpublished works of the author.
At irregular intervals, typewritten text will manifest via unknown means in the 850-page supplemental section of SCP-986. While the text of The Absent Willows is written in type consistent with the Underwood Standard Portable typewriter used throughout Faulkner's life, text appearing in the supplemental section does not match any known standard typeface. The content of the text appearing in SCP-986 invariably consists of a repeating six-character format that upon initial viewing does not appear to have any understandable content (e.g. "GQCCKD OVNFSP QXXHAE"). This text currently fills 58% of the supplemental section, with the rest comprised of blank paper.
SCP-986 came to the attention of the Foundation in 1964, after a representative from Random House entrusted with examination of Faulkner's papers attempted to sell it to a literary auction house in Luxembourg. Initial analysis upon the recovery of SCP-986 determined that the anomalous text manifested in SCP-986 was a series of encrypted messages. Cryptanalysts soon recognized the pattern of encryption as a book cipher, but lacked the key. In 1972, with the use of computer-aided mathematical analysis models, the Site-11 Cryptanalysis Office identified a passage in the 1942 first edition of Go Down, Moses as the key to the cipher. Messages appearing in SCP-986 have subsequently been decoded and transcribed.
Research Log 986-1: Contents of SCP-986
Item #: SCP-988
Object Class: Safe
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-988 is to be housed in a locked, unilluminated cell with no observation windows. It is to be kept in a latched state and secured with a padlock whose key is to be stored at a separate facility.
No experiments of any kind are to be performed on SCP-988.
Description: SCP-988 is an unopenable wooden chest.
SCP-988 is composed of oak with iron fittings and measures approximately 1.5 m x 0.5 m x 0.75 m. While SCP-988 possesses a latch, it did not possess a lock when discovered. The latch moves freely when not secured, and gentle manipulation of the lid has revealed it to move freely on its hinges.
When SCP-988 is lifted and tilted an object can be felt to shift within. This object is seemingly irregular in shape and is estimated to have a mass of approximately 3 kilograms.
Despite the lack of any apparent obstacle, SCP-988 cannot be opened. All attempts fail due to the intervention of external circumstances. In the 53 documented attempts at opening SCP-988 directly by hand, persons have been observed to become lost on their way to its current location, suffer injury preventing them from reaching it, and in 9 cases have died spontaneously of apparently natural causes just before completing the action.
The 7 documented attempts at opening SCP-988 via machine or other indirect mechanism have been stopped respectively by electrical shorts, mechanical jams, and in one case the mislabeling of a bottle of epoxy as lubricant. The "unopenable" property appears to extend to indirect methods of scanning SCP-988's contents. All attempts at sonographic, electromagnetic, and passive imaging of emissions outside of the visual spectrum have failed due to similar circumstances.
Comparison of the results of attempts to open SCP-988 with actuarial tables have demonstrated that outcomes correspond to normal probability, with the single exception that the possibility of the object being opened has been entirely removed. The mechanism by which SCP-988 prevents itself from being opened is currently unknown.
« SCP-987 | SCP-988 | SCP-989 »
Item #: SCP-989
Object Class: Safe
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-989 is to be stored in secure Locker ███-██ in Site 22 until further notice. Secure Locker ███-██ is to contain an electronic scale, which is to report the current weight of the object at all times. Any change in the weight before testing and after testing that is +/- 1g beyond test materials removed is to be reported immediately, and Containment Breach protocols should be enacted. Level 2 clearance is required for research involving SCP-989, with written permission from a level 3 staff member.
Description: SCP-989 is a compound of C12H22O11 (Sucrose) interlaced with a substance with the chemical formula H7Xe2O4C8. The method by which this molecule was created is currently unknown, as the current principles of chemistry disagree with its composition and structure. Research is ongoing.
SCP-989 is within an ornate silver shaker, with the logo for Marshall, Carter, and Dark engraved on the bottom, hereafter referred to as SCP-989-2. There are no visible seams in the shaker, and as such there is no way known at the moment to refill SCP-989-2, though testing at this point has shown no measurable change in weight of the object, suggesting that the substance may replenish itself. This "replenishing" effect is only observed to occur if the object is left standing for more than two (2) hours without movement. Whether this is a property of SCP-989 or SCP-989-2 is unknown at this time, but it is hypothesized that the interaction of the second compound with the materials of SCP-989-2 create this effect.
When SCP-989 is elevated and released, SCP-989 enters suspension within the air. The crystals of SCP-989 surround whoever threw SCP-989 in to the air, and remain there for precisely seven (7) minutes, eighteen (18) seconds. This has shown no adverse affect on the thrower so far, as SCP-989 will not come within two (2) millimeters of the thrower, even if they walk through the cloud of SCP-989.
If any other living being enters the cloud of SCP-989, however, SCP-989 will surround the subject, and force its way in to the mucous membranes of the subject, causing severe lacerations, and coating the area with crystalline formations akin to what is colloquially known as "rock candy". This is uniformly non-fatal however, and leaves the subject blind, deaf, with moderate difficulty breathing, and in severe pain. Attempts to remove the crystalline growths have proven unsuccessful thus far.
After exiting suspension with the air, SCP-989 will deposit on any horizontal surfaces, until thrown again, wherein it will return to being in suspension. This effect can only occur if SCP-989 is dry, as a solution of SCP-989 in water did not show any anomalous properties.
SCP-989 was recovered from the home of ██████ ███████ in [REDACTED], Wales, after several missing persons cases were connected to ██████ ███████, and a possible link to Marshall, Carter, and Dark was confirmed. Also recovered were letter and receipt from Marshall, Carter, and Dark, Limited, for the amount of [REDACTED]. To date, no other samples of SCP-989 have been recovered.
Addendum 1 The following is from a letter recovered from the home of ██████ ███████:
To a Mister ███████
We thank you for your purchase of this fine item. I hope you will find it to your liking, though I'm sure your dinner guests will certainly find it interesting. If we can be of assistance setting up any sort of soiree for you, we, of course, would be more than willing to assist. We look forward to continued business with you, and trust that you've taken steps to avoid the attention of a certain group, as we've advised.
Sincerely,
Misters Marshall, Carter, and Dark
« SCP-988 | SCP-989 | SCP-990 »
Item #: SCP-990
Object Class: Keter
Special Containment Procedures: Currently no containment for SCP-990 has been devised. Any personnel with suggestions for the containment of SCP-990 should report to Dr. ██████████. Any and all ideas are welcome, regardless of who suggests them.
Description: SCP-990 is generally a human male dressed in a Cold War era business suit who appears to Foundation personnel through dreams. Thus far no Foundation personnel have encountered SCP-990 in the real world; if he corresponds to an actual human being, we have yet to find him. Presently there have been no reports of SCP-990 appearing to non-Foundation personnel.
SCP-990 has been appearing to Foundation personnel since [DATA EXPUNGED]. SCP-990's existence came to light when several Agents discussed having dreams involving a similar individual. Numerous other Agents reported dream-sightings of an individual matching the description of SCP-990. The phenomenon did not officially receive SCP classification until the aftermath of event-990-07.
Event log 990-07:
Item #: SCP-993
Object Class: Safe
Special Containment Procedures: Any broadcasts of SCP-993 are to be intercepted as detailed in Protocol Upsilon-Beta 3 and blocked from public viewing. All intercepted broadcasts are to be recorded and stored for future viewing. Any subjects used to view SCP-993 must be under the age of ten and are to be dosed with a Class A amnesiac after they have described the episode.
Viewing of SCP-993 must be authorized by three (3) Level 4 personnel.
Description: SCP-993 is a children's television program entitled "Bobble the Clown" which first began airing in ██/██/19██. SCP-993 seems to have been made in the style of an educational cartoon, with the primary plot of most episodes being the titular character, Bobble the Clown, learning a new skill or activity. The program appears to have no supporting cast and the setting of the program often changes between episodes.
SCP-993's anomalous properties become obvious when the program is viewed. Anyone watching aged ten years or older will immediately fall unconscious when the program begins and will remain incapacitated until the end of the program, later reporting a stabbing headache immediately before blacking out.
Children under the age of ten viewing SCP-993 later report that it teaches and advocates activities such as cannibalism, murder, torture, [DATA EXPUNGED]. These activities appear to become ingrained in the subject's mind; repeated exposure to SCP-993 can result in permanent psychotic and schizophrenic symptoms.
Episodes of SCP-993 are regularly broadcast from a currently unknown source, but since ██/██/20██, all broadcasts have been successfully intercepted using Protocol Upsilon-Beta 3 and blocked from public viewing.
« SCP-992 | SCP-993 | SCP-994 »
Item #: SCP-996
Object Class: Euclid
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-996 is to be stretched to a 1 meter by 1 meter square sheet. It is held in place by four clamps on the corners and mounted on a frame. The assembly is locked in storage under standard security.
Description: SCP-996 is a sheet of sheer gray fabric. Under no stress, it takes the shape of a circle with a 0.5 meter diameter. The fabric seems to be infinitely elastic, as it will stretch under small amounts of force, and large amounts fail to rupture it. Attempts to puncture SCP-996 result in it deforming around the puncture implement. Shear forces will cause elastic deformation, but do not tear the material. Thus, SCP-996 seems to be topologically ideal.
SCP-996 has a thickness, volume, and mass of zero. The fabric can intersect itself: when folded, the two halves pass through one another. Microscopes show images similar to the macroscopic sheet; no additional detail is revealed. Despite an infinitely thin thickness, the material is not sharp and bends harmlessly at a touch.
Experiment Log 996-Mkf
Item #: SCP-997
Object Class: Safe
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-997 is to be stored in a standard containment locker while not in use. During testing procedures involving SCP-997, it is recommended that the object be left unplugged while not actively being tested. SCP-997 is to be tested only in a chamber that functions as a Faraday cage.
Description: SCP-997 is a device superficially resembling a lamp, but without a bulb and with a twisting wire structure in place of a shade, believed to function as an antenna. It is made primarily of metal, and was somewhat corroded when contained, though this does not appear to have affected its functionality. Imaging of the internal workings suggests sophisticated electronics of unknown purpose. There is a switch near the top that controls whether or not the device is active. SCP-997 is powered by a standard NEMA 5 power outlet, and so has been fitted with an adapter for Site 19 testing chamber wall outlets. While disconnected from power or turned off, SCP-997 exhibits no anomalous properties.
When connected to a power source and turned on, SCP-997 emits a field that affects every human within about 250 meters. This field cannot penetrate a Faraday cage that follows the specifications given in Document 997-02, and seems to be at least partially psychic in nature. All persons affected by the field become unable to perceive in any way anything they would consider vermin. This effect is based on subjective judgement, so one individual may perceive something that another may not. SCP-997 effects extend to sufficiently accurate representations of vermin.
Testing results suggest that SCP-997 only suppresses conscious awareness of vermin, inflicting symptoms akin to spatial neglect except across all senses. Consequently, though people affected by SCP-997 do not report noticing vermin, they do respond to their presence, though they cannot explain the basis for their reaction. Subjects will often create fanciful excuses for their reactions and refuse to acknowledge the implausibility of these explanations. This disconnect seems to have adverse psychological effects, including paranoia, distress, and delusions. See Experiment Log 997 for further information.
Experiment Log 997:
Item #: SCP-998
Object Class: Euclid
Special Containment Procedures: Area 998-Alpha has been established in a 20 km radius around the estimated event location of SCP-998. This area is marked as off-limits on all regional maps, and any civilian ships or aircraft attempting to enter the area must be waved off. A Foundation listening ship (currently SCPS Cerberus as of █/██/06) is stationed within Area 998-Alpha and tasked with monitoring local transmissions for evidence of an SCP-998 event.
Description: SCP-998 is a MC-130E "Combat Talon" military transport formerly assigned to the United States Air Force 8th Special Operations Squadron with tail number ███████ and call sign "Blackbird One-Niner". SCP-998 disappeared without a trace on █/██/73 during a covert operation near [DATA EXPUNGED] along with five (5) crew members, three (3) passengers, and a classified cargo. Originally believed to have crashed under adverse weather conditions, a search for the wreckage of SCP-998 was conducted and called off three months later with no results.
On █/█/79, an anomalous radio transmission was detected by a US Navy patrol vessel near the last known location of SCP-998. After thorough analysis of the transmission and its contents, SCP-998 was designated and containment protocols established.
Since 1973, contact has been established 11 times with SCP-998.
Addendum 998-1: SCP-998 Contact Log
Date: █/█/79
Subject: USS █████, US Navy patrol vessel
Description: Initial contact. Contact was made for approximately 3 minutes before signal was lost. The sender of the signal, confirmed to be pilot [DATA EXPUNGED] via voice print analysis, reported that the aircraft had suffered multiple malfunctions in its navigation systems and requested a position check. USS █████ was unable to locate the source of the signal on radar, and contact was lost shortly thereafter.
Date: ██/█/82
Subject: SCPS Hydra, Foundation listening ship
Description: Anomalous artificial signal lasting 15 seconds detected from Area 998-Alpha. No recognizable information recorded.
Date: █/██/83
Subject: SCPS Hydra, Foundation listening ship
Description: Anomalous artificial signal lasting 32 seconds detected from Area 998-Alpha. Several words were identified in the recording, but no cohesive speech was extracted.
Date: █/█/88
Subject: SCPS Artemis, Foundation listening ship
Description: Contact made, lasting approximately 93 seconds. Similar to initial contact, a strained voice was heard, reporting that navigation systems were offline and requesting a position check. The signal also indicated that the craft was lost in fog.
Date: █/██/89
Subject: SCPS Artemis, Foundation listening ship
Description: Contact made for almost 27 minutes, the longest out of any recorded SCP-998 event. During this time, Foundation personnel gave several instructions to the crew of SCP-998 and multiple Foundation search aircraft were deployed in an attempt to locate the source of the signal. Communications during this time indicated that the craft was still lost within heavy fog despite the complete absence of adverse weather in the region, and that they could not see the sun or anything that could give them a reference. Foundation assets were unable to establish visual contact with the source, and eventually contact was lost shortly after the crew of SCP-998 indicated that they thought they saw something in the fog.
Date: ██/█/93
Subject: SCPS Taurus, Foundation listening ship
Description: An extremely faint signal was picked by automated recording systems, and was not discovered until the tapes were later analyzed. The recording consists only of a three-second burst of static, and the word "help".
Date: █/█/94
Subject: SCPS Taurus, Foundation listening ship
Description: Contact made. Transmission was very clear, and consisted of 19 seconds of screaming from multiple subjects before being abruptly cut off. No coherent speech was recorded.
Date: [DATA EXPUNGED]
Subject: [DATA EXPUNGED]
Description: [DATA EXPUNGED]
Date: [DATA EXPUNGED]
Subject: [DATA EXPUNGED]
Description: [DATA EXPUNGED]
Date: [DATA EXPUNGED]
Subject: [DATA EXPUNGED]
Description: [DATA EXPUNGED]
Date: [DATA EXPUNGED]
Subject: [DATA EXPUNGED]
Description: [DATA EXPUNGED]
« SCP-997 | SCP-998 | SCP-999 »
